Coursera (COUR) Q2 Earnings: How Key Metrics Compare to Wall Street Estimates
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNcWdEUXNMemNjcjNDZ0ItRFRpZlBCRHJnQldJUjNWSlg2NVA2SDNLc0w2am04NGZFRWx3d1lwTTZ4OEVOcmtXUXlrNkwyOWxjcGF1Ulg2cU91QnEwUlBGZ3VOZnJhNDRpc082azhCdTU5RUEwa1JZZFBIcDJmUGRhTQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Opinion | The court misfired on bump stocks. Congress can still succeed.
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikwFBVV95cUxNU2J2bWl4Z19rbkxkNVpUX3FYQ25yb09kMHhMWE9CSHYtbm5jbVBES2s1MUNQNjBDTVNNMXpleHdRLVc1aG5ycFJRTENnMjI3RUxHQktYY0IzeG94VzVYQkpHRUlYOUVVMlMtUm1Fd0s1Qnk1QV9UTG1HMVJrVmp1Nk5vY3NwRXNET2tGRlFMRERXSzA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Plea in Supreme Court for probe into share market crash on counting date
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxPc29JVTVDZ25VSVdRbGpqRF8ydDlRRmJBaEc0eHBvLU0wX2t5SnJiZXlaU0VKYTdUWlFFYXd3NEdILTZpRFdJMzVIV0tteHFhRDF3NzMzWHBtREJ2S2JMU3p1MnpCeml5VEhXZko4bTZaUjVlSVJxaGNNZng4czFZVnFJYUwyZmZJQ3MtbnBsQVYxVmhvaFVkNFdna0F2aHY2QmsxSC1yQQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court strikes down federal ban on bump stocks
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQckVtMTczeEpGN0RvV2VGcGdJZTdVVEV4QUp3ZGt1b0lUelhXQnhMYmRwOXVoR0ZndXplSnN2VU9wX0VkRnE2cmlmdHpjOW13d0NqUzFlN0Raclc0b0lNcHhMMmk2dHpLODdBQUZyem1aZkE4ejRhOEtuVUZjaTZXYnAyR0g4Mm1zOFZV0gGQAUFVX3lxTE9BblNMNUFZV1hLVG1SR2dCTlgzLTZLSmhwQl9DNkJGMWdaVDgzeEF2NGtwYlA2LWZTUDZDcFpmRVYwUjdDa2RDaEpERXZKOTZkb2ZFNmtmME1jNmpqdDNKdGppUFNjZ3E0VFRoS2JNSWs5Q2NMelpFMENCYVdtUDh2Y1JfWThnRnowNlRQaGVITg?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

The Supreme Court just effectively legalized machine guns, in Garland v. Cargill
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikgFBVV95cUxOS0NpWmdOek0yYnNyaVdFTE5tR0dQc0JrV0hjalZiS0ppdlFPdUhKOEthSzhiakZJTmduVmNiaHFXRHd0VFBUOEtaQVc0Zk85MEFpUC1MU2VXMjhENFZyNEFPYWxxZlZ1OG1XZkVNVjVsRGhRUmJUT1E1dDQ4MV9iZWhBejZxTFNJU3dKdFpLYVNfUQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court followed the law with bump stock decision | READER COMMENTARY
https://news.google.com/read/CBMid0FVX3lxTE1ZaDZqcW1Oa1RrVFJkUnVOZFNRTXJHc2g3eWVBWExaSXpvZ2JDMGsxSGxXQ3ppNlZ3WjUzc0ptQkJYd3BxZF9fUVV5V3lCOVo1dUVWS09aQWNMbHNGdXl3ZWZJTllJRTVDb2tnaDY0bzNFcU8yTmI0?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Director Andrew Ng Sells 75,000 Shares of Coursera Inc (COUR)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifkFVX3lxTE1FZmhOMHB0cF90WGVEM09EcDJGMUNsTUFmR094Zy03TWwtMjgtRy10V1RpS0U3VHFaeUxjU1lZdklrV0ZsbTBXS2RRWTJoc2VtYUZJR2VCbWpaRzkxNmNQLW1FMndVNW94TkV6ZUZZVXZVWnFlSnBNMGZvWGJ0dw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Shares of two big online education stocks tank more than 10% as students use ChatGPT
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQRmtCM3VHVEJCYUhtclllOVZVeWJ1d3R2Z2JfUEdQV1lUVi1oMlo3c0FhTTNWNUNIUVNrSHFvamR6UnVoZDJSSnpTeERYUmUzdkFEbFMtNS1INURkUzNzbThQVDJ5VXl0bU12TkJDSkJxWXVnZGkwYTJUWVJFVTQwYU11eFlWc1paU2tJ0gGQAUFVX3lxTE8xWlZleF81dk9Ka1VwbldXa21kcW41UWRVczUwZzdGbF9PU0x6U1RZMTJycHRoZ09weno3VEtpWnE4dzdEQTNMNHp2T2o5TTRDcThrM29wNVlIUU5zc1FOTXJEb3FQWGFYSzJWNmR1VFZKYkZDNm44eUNnR01XUXBPTF9kQmh6YmFiNllLWUdlUA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

What are bump stocks? US Supreme Court lifts Trump-era ban on gun attachments
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiXkFVX3lxTFAzYmVFSW1FblJvMHVuc2QwbEF5VHg0cktKOHhPbHpLNVR4UXRidWdmUko5R1o0ejdYR3JhREtWQW45UTJXUEZfSUF5eG1TS214bU9SY2RhczJhWXV6dFHSAWNBVV95cUxQMTlwYXg0bXlFN29pRXdhV0ppazJfZ3JSZWxjXzE5YlJoQ0ktSW9IZDV3Y2M4eG5sYVNpR2VQbnZNMW1hZU9ySTdEWFllY0phWmFBem13dm1qMVVQQUhEY0dTOWc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court Rejects Trump-Era Ban on Gun Bump Stocks
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikAFBVV95cUxPQ0NMMmU2aml0aGNGQlVhYkk3a1dia0xjMklRa182akFUbGZLMUNIRUZpVDZNc0tSZzJxYlVia21wdlR1dmpKUE1WcFgtMXVCVGtFZkVGdWN3MXhXQ18zV1dQdlg4U2JPaV8tSHBFeDQ3WllqU3R2bDlESV9GblJsSzhlT01xZC1CVDVHUk9valE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Las Vegas shooting survivors stunned by Supreme Court gun ruling
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiWkFVX3lxTE43bVZlQ3hqMEZrNlZ6Q3VVblFDZ1VYbWd3NmlXQ3kwTnBGV3NnNFRka3dIVzNVRjhXQk05cXFPSGNldTAtbkx6aTctblJTcmV4eE9wYWFPbXJ0QdIBX0FVX3lxTE91bVNiVWdzQXlLZXJmdERDZUk2Wm4zclg2TnQ0Q2lpMFRZQTczdlA5UG54d3ZtMEs2Z2h5azZyaE1DY1JIbTlaNksybEVhQ3lfT21WQ1JabzFZSGxJRTZF?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Scoop: Dems rally behind Schumer's bump stock ban after Supreme Court reversal
https://news.google.com/read/CBMie0FVX3lxTE9oTy1qczd6OWdKcUtwOGY4RjZVRVB3ZXF1ZFcyeFVJN0JCcWVfYnRoeFo2MXk3RHJOUVI1Ui1mWGNxMFV0TTFncW9XMXRDNk91RWJLeVA4YUd5VUNFOS1jaVpwOHFJOU9kSm80SHpNLVVLWHFKMmFQdnpaWQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Bump-stock ban comes before Supreme Court
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigwFBVV95cUxOa0xrUXFleTBsRXVTbEc3MG0xTWYyX2NZRHRMRjZicUdZVnhGSUdabDlZNFR5eVRJMDhtbXhJRnBmUVJMeHhXS0x1X0NJaFpOSDZNYkhTVXk0RWc0VFpxaVJ3eHdsaVFLY0JFS3R1ZE9HOGxINTFReUdfSzFUT2wtMTBNSdIBiAFBVV95cUxQMXB6cDNLVWdOZWZzR001a0FtRzlxN1JJX3RBM1pvQ3UtcG9MNWREenBjRXFOSEFuSmJSdjVpTVpMRUpvSFN3OTB0SjJhOEU4YnU2bEtvY2lSbFJrM1VqSXFXOWY2WEhWaklNalB1ekJBeEhOalhsaUVZUGU4NTB3WGVVY050cE5i?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Coursera (COUR) Shares Are Falling Today
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihAFBVV95cUxNRFZ6di1aRVdwQ25pT1dXTEx3dlFxUURScjVPSk9aQklSb0RRdDlCWmtDTUVSSktZTmZ0RExOeEJzZ0xzUWM2MEZxRzdGMWoxbTZQSW5lSEVtTjVLRlNlRkVJYUlfMERlcXh2VlZ1cHRNdE1hM2RfNFFiX2hNdjFjODh2Qmc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Is Coursera (COUR) Stock Soaring Today By Stock Story
https://news.google.com/read/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNeml0dWpvemdxeUpGZWF5eDdhVXVkTTlZdi1KbGI4NGdybk9kTW05SWxoSDhfdWkzTTB4ci1fRzVMeHBmOEN3c2dZTEs1UHk5VUpBV0pib2MtdkZHN2xhVjVHUDBRUUJnM0ZqUGs2WEhkbHlBb1RDVFhQN0o0ekExMWl3ak12bGxiclpLV0l2TEtpQ0E1c2VmNUs0VEc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Is Coursera (COUR) Stock Soaring Today
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigwFBVV95cUxQN0lLS0Y1V2ZKbFJyN2RuUGN3VnlMSkg3UHBfUk1NZ2huLXJzVC1YbHpIYktFT01VZ3p0bDZ3ZE9JNXBtbzF4RmZnR2pqV3JWTFRtRzlhS2FicEU5R1ZOTTZzT2tKdkRYVUVrelA2WXJ1d3RQeXpSdURsa1VLUW1DSURkQQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera (NYSE:COUR) Misses Q1 Revenue Estimates, Stock Drops 18%
https://news.google.com/read/CBMif0FVX3lxTFBmSHFHZGxidHFZOW12NHBPMHo1bjdmMEdNWWJkTW5iS3Jmc24yRkd2UjRZNnpKLWw4WlJIeHpQdjFkY21QOHN6b0JibUJhbm9qVDlEbENIQVUzN1dmcFBrRlJDYVZ5TDRob3Z4Z0ctUW42Zk1rNG1FTEJra19ibFU?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

The Supreme Court overturned the federal bump stock ban. What does that mean for Washington state?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMixAFBVV95cUxQajZpVjkzLUNfSl9JN21FT0JIU1ZrY2dVTFNwYWlDNUVOMTFYQ0VoeHdXTDU2MF9BdTlvV0hEMzdsaUJPb1pLbTloNUl1SWJTVTNkX3pBNXhob0hXOGNkejhCSWNWWDFHZHBTeVBfSGtPRlR4UUwxd0xHd1MycDVkamlqUTRIU2dBUVhqQXQxYU9qX0pNdzZYUnJWd1JRWDQyckxYTzhFeVFWYkgxc0JmQzE0bC12WFRqbWNZUGRTSE5rVllH?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera (COUR) Beats Q2 Earnings and Revenue Estimates
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigwFBVV95cUxNNlE2NHg3VXk3cHRYZVNIS042TzJxNmNGZE9HYUJCQUZkbE1pampqM2pfRTZEaFVOUmZmWWZTaS1yMjNVazFCNlU5QmViWldacjJLTjZiUXR3QnpZWnpPdUVIV0d4NDRlaFhxV0FhSmhWVnJsaUVtVHZyNV9ldFg4RVZUcw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Las Vegas shooting survivors alarmed at US Supreme Court's strike down of ban on rifle bump stocks
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxOMks4bU11U0dneE5XZjJUdWJiTXE2bVdIS1poVWRJVnMwdTZydHc2QzFsR24zTG1XdUwxa2ZOWmhBN2lCdlE2UWp6QkMxV3l1VDJwSUVSQWw3SlItZmZDZWZGWWZkTksxcEgwUjlsbzdJYmpDLWY1MWo0NGpMWENTanNYN0RLUmViZEgzTGJOYjhtSS0xMjBvWUoxOWFUalJWN0dXN0h5LU0wMTQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

US supreme court strikes down federal ban on ‘bump stock’ devices for guns
https://news.google.com/read/CBMinAFBVV95cUxQamluNHNnMUN1alBvdFZJRnhhZ1RaWEJGOEFjcWRwRFM5SWpBS1hua29zUkZyWXYyT1hxX0FBbXVKVmo0ZDBiNEIzbkRmeGlKVDlHZEdkeFlMOHJRMHNqSGtXQkVwOWxSb1pwMHdpNTB6LVVuTXpacHkxZ1pWck5Bd2hHY21oU2N0cVp6cFQ5aFo0dXhyNDRXajVlNjU?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

COUR Stock Earnings: Coursera Beats EPS, Beats Revenue for Q2 2024
https://news.google.com/read/CBMimgFBVV95cUxObXFZWHF3Uk1FYm4teS1JM1hrUUVoWUN5UVhhOGViTXB0aDhsTVg2MmE3YWR5TXQ3U1BHbnBxeXBfX0ppQ2kzR0h3U0l0UWprMW90NWNoMHY3aEYzbGFNcVhJSmhGSDFXLXNxMno0aUVmMi1MdERkRllBVFFqZTIzTS1XNkpVajlLQUNtWmh2eTZaWGY0MG9pT25n?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court Holds That A Corporation’s Life Insurance Proceeds Used To Redeem A Decedent’s Shares Must Be Included In Federal Estate Tax Calculation
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihAJBVV95cUxNOHNlMWx3Y3NhLTdoV1ctUmR0QmpBTlBsZGplQ09Bb01OUFkySVlzZXZUdGxEQlcwNHJGeDJjeHU1NFpZcVlXVk9KVFlOVllqbnNGaVpBLThOblVDYmlBLV82V1FzenFEVy1KSElULUZQdFg5NWJaUUl2SlRselJRSkFzSVZKa0lqRXJEZERuNjVjSUpRWW9RVFNKVWZBd1c4blZ4TGZQLXFCNl9mbm9rOHBRNldmQ1YwU0pxLXdoNzFIRGFtSlVPemV1MnVpTEpPY2dkblNRUDJmMkUwcjgzbUZvamR0UElYMTBfeFNKM2JqZG12VjJMOXM3dThzanlSREVZcA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera Reports Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiowFBVV95cUxPSGY4Y0VKVHVZREU5a0JFRDJaZ2RwQ0JLZzJNMnA1Nk9KdC1NamVIUDFiOUVPdXp3Zmx0MUhWVVBuUERzaHJxUGVWREZ5UWQ5enlLVU1WTE9MTFd5dEVjcGMyanlBYjFmQjNvZzNySEt0YTBvNGdfS19VMzVSTS10VTJ0ckFMV3VMTFNEcWFFQ1REenMxajBOcERVdjlSdGh5UnNF?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Drug Distributor Cencora Falls; Blame Walgreens, Not The Supreme Court
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxQNm1EaTVxRDNKT21MX2Rja1RhM2hjbFdJT3RsdnBEZ1g2dm1RaXB4Z2dJM0JVMHdseWdHZ2hIdzh4cEhJNVFjYm95d1RCWTNLdnJWTHVEVDJtTnk2RWU2aXlfYTBsQmlGU1J4eE1tdkdrRmpHOThyX1puRGhVMERyNFVNTXF4UTVVOFQ5dkJLV2UzLTN6VHRGTXdQcTJfcmY5dHhkSmxHTWw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Is Coursera, Inc. (NYSE:COUR) Potentially Undervalued?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihwFBVV95cUxOQjR1VDZCYnpyQjJPTmtLVlo5OGVhUzNnVGhYWGxobG0yYW5rNWlDMkYwd19PeExEcUN6YzVUbWZIQUdjY09nMEhWb3BNcWRCTTBhQ3ZEU1VXS1BnQjFKT1hlMjd0dXc2QU9wYnF4S3g1TFNXYUdXOXZXRjBPRDZYT2hYd0Yza2M?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Cantor Fitzgerald Just Raised Its Price Target on Coursera (COUR) Stock
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQVkk3TGJpYmRjOVNBWFhZNHVHc040WUVUa3E3SlRqZzJ0Mi1xQkpBdWZ0QVpBMldIdXpLZG1rRzBpb25jUERfSVg5aU9ZaDJWN0Q3eTA2TlBKak95TG5yVGxDckVUX2R5RTBBb3Y3UHgwNjhEUG11T3F2a3VSNUxxZTNVeGhEVXZOQ0d1SjYxRWdWd1M0MmVxeXhzMzk3b2tDMzBxTDkwMA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

After U.S. Supreme Court decision to allow bump stocks, U.S. Senate rejects bill to ban them
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxQeFJWTjJ1cWlyWmhOdWZzbXRReElpRGgxY1RzRlZQcXpBRU9WSnFJM29obkVtNksxcUdLSjFTQVREWndPM0haQkpVYWhtMnYza3V2Mkx1V2VtLWpIS2UwWV83QVFUcGt4Nm8zbW5jN2dnMUJKcnl2dkpYNTdqUXRCZGZITWp3OFI2MWl2T3FqU1ZyVE5KaWo3SHpRa3RMTFlzVFpHM3BneEN3YnFfSnJwcnFwa20tZnhYc1I0cG5aNW1WYTNTYktxWXpR?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera's (NYSE:COUR) Q2 Sales Beat Estimates, Stock Jumps 16.5%
https://news.google.com/read/CBMif0FVX3lxTFBGenpRaXRvSElRNmt3Y3RmTGUtZTZUV05RTmlacHNuVGRsTEdJdEdmUlhjU3A3dVhmVGZ2WWhvdDIxYTJOQ3BpSXh6U0tJZ291N2gwVWNfVDk0aUk4aTRLYkM1X3Rkbm8yWWl0STdHN3FwclNJMWNaU1dBa0JwblE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court throws out Trump-era ban on gun bump stocks
https://news.google.com/read/CBMie0FVX3lxTE1PbFZDNFpXNXBxckx5cGhTY3cyakJfcDg1VGpLQ0hQU1NkNXE0OW5IdkNOWTlhNUMyRmRpbWVTUkRCQlB4eU81SmNMQ2o1N0dxRUpIbnlwOG5UbnpoWWNRVk16cHBROExQM2lUemt4U2VaNWMwdWpqM2thWQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Is Coursera, Inc. (NYSE:COUR) the Best Small Cap Stock to Buy According to Analysts?
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

GSK stock sinks after court allows Zantac lawsuits to proceed
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOUHRZTTVPbmtVMXhqSzVsOHRGVzJFbXNmQmpOd2FxV1lGTTVnYmwyTndxdXEtMndxcWtLcnMtaGxXTjF1MGlvZml2TV82UjdJR1gzbTFCM1JNaXN0aGpqVFhfa1BKUFRCM1A4NHVPRXF5S3pPVTlFa292RVRoOGZiTQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

US Supreme Court overturns ‘bump stock’ ban in blow for firearm restrictions
https://news.google.com/read/CBMicEFVX3lxTFB6SDl2dGxsWTRlc3NSR1BkeVVacno3Mi15TnhWVHpOQno0Sk5ya3B4Y0ZUU00zSWw3RjVGOHlUNFNVbkktWkZ5TDE4ek05RTZjX1k3T0o1Y0NBQ0RaeFdkQkJBVUllLV9mTGY4TzhoSG8?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Director Andrew Ng Sells 75,000 Shares of Coursera Inc (COUR)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifkFVX3lxTE5yVTNVclJlbTViTWliMXNBSWtPa1c4dDhpbkNPX2VwNjR1NVRzSWloU2x0a0pScS1MVjR0WkhlZUNST0dnNW5VZnFLZFh5VzJMaFBGZ0NmVkNPVThTdkRMWDZIYnZEZWF5OGFWSW5xZU9FZXowNHZIMjVYLWpRQQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Plea in Supreme Court seeks probe into post-poll market crash
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxNTUR1MkNuTmRDZ2xHSEdRVjZBS1NhZ1NPOTctRGFRRk5ueHZvOWlSZVdiZGJqOV8ycGFuZlJpX2N4bzNTX3E4ckFQV3NHNHlvU2ZrWTNEMnpfNm9Oenp5elBDMXhyNm5uQ0dUU3I1QVM5MjFTQ2JEZjdlTTIza0tQLVBhZkoxRWpDQnhwS2VtaGJXS0ZFNGVjUnAyOS11Zm9Idm9PZ1RiVDhuZ0pLaTBmbmJnTUdSWG800gG_AUFVX3lxTE5LVkhNRW51M2pDQ2gzeS13VUZLT2lqdWpIRjd3SUx1cUd2T2picUlxRWlEOFdJODRIaHNUTGVub2J4eEtWaDl3TVk3UkRzbzA2ZUdleFFIbmw1OTZuYUxEcHFsalEtcTR0VTluLUdueU5pWmFYZHdiWHpfSzNuZ0tvYlkwOE85ekpCdDJSWGhZZUdwYy0yU0FrbDJkdUJRT2RxcVpTeWljWS1MNkNpVG1EYWt3ZTFMbHRZU1g5SG9F?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Senate GOP blocks effort by Democrats to pass bump stock ban after Supreme Court ruling
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigwFBVV95cUxOb28zVUFsNlNOZWdhSVV1UGxWYXJfM1dKUGpXUnNyS0YyMWFLaTZRTndFd2poOTdpS0htOXJWZXhMbmhBQmxtQWNyLXNOZFc3d1YtNWxsdF9MLUZrcTAydlp4Qk1nVUUxM19Gc3V0SmxleTNNbGUxd0JiY21BV3o3MTZqUdIBekFVX3lxTE1HcG13dW1zT0twaDZKTkR5MkdGaURTQk9tVkw3TEw0anB6UEV4X282dVJmOFpnaGV0eW83UzNManpXdDFQMW05b2F6QVlpMGJpQWN6WnBSd1dWb0ZhLTdQd2RzNXNyOHJYbEVfdV9VMEdNT0pSdVRSd3Nn?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera Shares Climb Following Better-Than-Expected Q2 Results
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxPR21adDhGWDRZaUMyc2Zqank2VllRdTR2bVRrUzRNMTF4cjJMU2xpVU41NkhIY2sxcjZoOWM0QU9yQWE4T0dBeEgtM1FBaVpGbjRFaU9xdm5CVms5ZER6ZXNpOGd3aXV0NjdTR0gxc2ZrUTI4eF85V2xxRi1iVUZpdG9ZVVc4aTZ6MzNLNDVqcHZhWUxic2Vqend1a1MtWHZEZ1BPY2ZPODRSbGx0czg3U2tFR1AzREZk?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court’s Bump Stock Ruling Is Dystopian Nonsense | Stock Market News
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxPMkxuaXpmcTZRVWR0cnJVUXIwRDJpTnJVWHdmX25hb0h2VHBuYWNXUzBzOVlLUnM3ZVhMY2ttMWRVaUFfX2RxUFh5RU1VWGN5ZjFhbFRfSzIyVEg5QmNORW1tcm1tZUdWTDM1LWdZSE1yZzRMNjVuQ3ptVU9QVURtRVh4UkE4V0d4azRQV0FaTkU5NjYyeHE3U3o0X2NxNFRhMk13VnVTLVVGY1ZrdkhYZ3JNRW55WE5jLTZMMDdyODFqcnfSAcgBQVVfeXFMT2lYenliYUs2ZDlMNEJTdDY0S3FveE01U3NqQ2MxTV83aFhvT0VrcHZxb2tUVE5jV2twbGhhdllYV0d6bmhhanFtbTVPckN0ZnZsY29sTzRmRU9XcDRnVThfUGk3enFiN2ZHdmxsaFJnSHV6bDZPcGQ0bnRBOGluNkozV3RiLWNTdC0weUNiVEEtZ2Y2b3JzRFJKSzBKV1h3ZlEzY0dqV0RqZDFXMEpuOWE0YW95SGZzM29wY1Q0VVRrbjNlTGd0ZGw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Coursera (COUR) Stock Is Nosediving
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihwFBVV95cUxOTVFuVUpVaDlKU3lCWnZvdXNMUmpDSTB3S1RYNlVuNE5wYXExSnZidzJQdUZCcE5yclNNNGNrTUEtQlJ2Y1RZN1lyUVJGcURUQk1vTnJwajN1TmpYTV9mRHFpcTRKY2lmU2ZYSi1Ga0ZZdGxwQk0wdGJHX1RYSDhkNkI2cWlmTVE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Coursera Stock Exploded 51% Higher Today
https://news.google.com/read/CBMijwFBVV95cUxOeVJmZFYwa2NhZzRuM1I4c0R1MU9kZ1YyZnZjbDQzQXJKUnhGT3RwVTZIalZpaWpkUUtjTGdIMXFtcHN4M1A2WWRSOWNsMmZ1a0hlZS02TkV1LXJwMGFxUm9iWVZkMl9zbXV2Z3drQ1IzNGdhZVprbElxSVhvdjBtaVg1WVBDZk12M011aGExOA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera, Inc.'s (NYSE:COUR) Shares Climb 65% But Its Business Is Yet to Catch Up
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Unpacking Q1 Earnings: Coursera (NYSE:COUR) In The Context Of Other Consumer Subscription Stocks
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQbjQzRVgyWUVSQU54SzdIOEJqdjN6dFFpekZLU3QxM2ZHU3RRazBudVI5dXAyRHdCam1oMFRYdHpDWHhQYnFlbkNDXzNwbVZaNV9SS3dhbUpDWWZVcVp6Rk0xQ09CM29OLVh2c1dtaFFKWDFTX2VnSkVRazQ5cFd1djhiQmtVSFVs?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court strikes down bump stock ban
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihgFBVV95cUxNYTN2V0lyR3M3a0M1NlZtTVUyZlB5eUdFeEtfOWNuR1RQM2hKUjNadDZzTGRjQW5lNmpPV1cyZ2FqMDI1d3NCU01mZnJhbmF4NWx2QzhERV9tRTFEQ0NvZVppY2ZRZzEzQ281LTNhNnZzZ1ZXbUk1enhFaC14cEI2Rk9ia2tYd9IBiwFBVV95cUxNWEtLMWJOaHFBV3dVRFJmdVhuRm1WVFV5d0x6NE1LZlJZblJEY3BWTjFldm5lWkhodVhTVHkxdTBxUWF2RVFORTNvQkhXcWQwZ2EtSU04OU1zVHdhNHBvVkFJVlVnQmdFLWFJZm03X3o2d3ZPN1JqOXVHbm1oRktUZERXc1VLT213NGN3?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Insider Sell: Chief Revenue Officer Leah Belsky Sells 42,756 Shares of Coursera Inc (COUR)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihwFBVV95cUxQZklpZ2gyZjA0OFdjSlo3bWZZSmEzMEZTUXZONmxLT0pBaHFEcTM0T3QyQ2VOUlN0clY5R0lGeTFUaDNYU08zTXFaNjBhakEyalN5TTU0RTBORGlBTDFsQks1M3VPSVNjWC1sTktETEgtR1VtRHVRMl9CVThkRm11WjIzdTMxcE0?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Bump stock inventor celebrates Supreme Court victory
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikgFBVV95cUxOM1BiOUpFcWVjQVNQOGVFNW9TRVN1STFjZHh0VlJKN0I1Nzdta051OVN1U205aXlHMndmYWk5YzU2Y2tydkhwOW9YRWdFdk9COHhtMjExcDNHcjgwQ0huc05QUUxHRjV5U1hoYWMwM09KVDNaUTItekd1UXRTZm1ySTI5LWNsbXF1cm5QZER1b1IyZ9IBlwFBVV95cUxQQWJHVEJNWkhhT0tNU1pmTllmLVdLaXhzcXNpMXZoSVpXRUp1UFlYejNYN3FtZmVqS09WWWJESnhFTUFUcjdiMF9hMUFCZUVJYTVmRVRydm03WUwzSzV5QTRtQlRNRjlMWlMyNUZBendfRlRQdGRSdExseDJ0ZDBtTDdtbk5rbHU3MWZwT0NIMFdDMFJxalFB?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera Shares Soar 24% on Earnings Beat, Strong Guidance
https://news.google.com/read/CBMitgFBVV95cUxOM3FISUlIeDExeGZYRm1oaEtSN3A0NDBrcGpoR1VkQ0lIaFV1ZjBmaFFmalBEVm1STnB1U0h4bS1rbFRxMDd1UnJ2a2RabGtVR2J2LXRORUUySlNyamRub3pXYTl3NWduTEYzUHctMFEyRW56MV8tOUVFRHBBUGk1VGpvUC0wbUhiUlByUl9heFlaby1nNXNTVi1MMDFKOHk3T1pqMFN3NE9ndTAxd1BrZFY1TUV6dw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court split over bump-stock ban
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOU3BmQmw3WFRTeDZCU29Gdy15YW51Q0t1WmZJZW5zUTRhdzdqRUk0OFduM2pieGRrNlg0RkMyVWxNUUxqSTRjZ2ZnUzU4M1ROWWotLXUzcGZqblM4d1NBYjhKZ052VjcxNzNZbzlGclp0S3hzM0FRU0tXTGljSk5xcA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

US Supreme Court throws out Trump-era ban on bump stocks
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiWkFVX3lxTE5qRUh3MURMVGt5cTZ0blphb0h5Z0ZlbjNTRE1ic0RULWk1aE01UjljQUFhYU02TE8wblhPSHRzdVpacHJsOTlBRHFtSS1nRHB6dWhrellkTFh3d9IBX0FVX3lxTFByZGVnNC1mQXpoZFg4NmRLM0FaWFRENzVBcnU0X29ZV3dKZnF5Y1ZHQ0tRbHVqcHhxcEJyTGJvU0dRNnNHR2lUazhDdlN6SzlLVFluZW5kVTBudGUtb0pJ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Biggest stock movers today:WW, MMM, DXCM, COUR, and more (NYSE:NWG)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxPaHhIQjlBRU1mX0M1OEk4UmtKV05HdEFfMnR2OXpsVVlpOTAxZ2hWdHN5LVdqS1Vpa3VVVTNIMjd3Ujc0SlV4a1VFdkN5ZFRrd0tOVE5QcHJOdzhOUUtsNzFJT2tzQWRlanFLOWRjdlNrQjlLODFHSmJSMXR3R1p0ZGc4MlZMbHZyQUJj?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Insider Sale: SVP, Chief People Officer Richard Jacquet Sells 16,273 Shares of Coursera Inc (COUR)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNQms5cXBHTGx5UE45b0Z5c09VRHN1VTA0OVFOM2JVUjFxM09UZFUyUXdQdnA3dEZ4XzZ1NEdPeF9qU3NLWFU3YlZUY01aWnRfdkRqSlMtMVRsRDBGWGJiekxaTHdDaDBFandYd29OM0FJWkY0anFGVVhIUzlGNDhScw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court strikes down Trump-era ban on bump stocks for guns
https://news.google.com/read/CBMitAFBVV95cUxPTzFKUWFnVFQyQVdlNEZlNE5QS0RQczVPVUFwTmNOcTJMWXVWUjEtbktQb3Z5REFKcV9objgtZDZORHVsM0w4aTY1MnlQb183OUthUTBKajBCVHBSeWlZQzdVMUpDX0ZqSXlMMzBnN0xxa2VYLVVxcV9YYkR1OGc2T2J2eFhMakg0bFVwcTl2R183WEFuUC14UHlTbGh0U0E3bTFja2QzbTducHcwa3Q1eWRITGU?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Implied Volatility Surging for Coursera (COUR) Stock Options
https://news.google.com/read/CBMijwFBVV95cUxOazhWanQwYjBwNWhSMmFJUkZNSW82dENySEE1c1JhWVNtZnFQeEF1WEwyOGdMT0dLNkN3MU1TQ2xEQTZVWk5iYjBxR1g3V0RJb2RlUmd2bzhBc2pZRXFjWWlQOVVta1lua3k3bWdnaDJzTzdPYkNxQWdPNjc4YTJjdm05ck5yTGs2YmprcXZ3UQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera (COUR) Surprises the Market After the Smoke Clears
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikAFBVV95cUxOTmpWMUxVdzdULWlfMUh3dVpidjA2SWVXTTNFa0ZVZUZZUFpmOHRCWFk3cFN1emNjNGJvOTNaQndGRXNUOHJOZlpNZ1VxMnFJbkxZNlI2VkU0am1UWGt2M3VVMmp2RW9udHAyaV8welNIbnhXZ1hFVUJFTzA2bG1hZVh5UVpRdnFJSmJZcFpOSlA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera (NYSE:COUR) Stock Price Up 6.3%
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihgFBVV95cUxPbVdqSXhPbThFaTZBdzNTUFRoNTl1VEEyM2taOG1Bcmg4VksyT3hqUEl1bmRjT2tOWlR3NlFXODBIZjR3VWpFSEpFZWZtTURYa0x0QS1KNHJCVnlxNVhxUDUtRmhkR0dkYlFKUllEU1RZaXlDVTFSaG5sWW9WZXhRNDA0UGxiQQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

US Supreme Court rejects Trump-era federal ban on gun ‘bump stocks’
https://news.google.com/read/CBMilwFBVV95cUxQdi10WHdyWm5NelR2VWxqX3FrMFA4MnV1TTJuZEhsMGU2M2RfS01SMWs4QWdqcHBVUTNJS21lNmlncWpkWG9lSXR1YmN6akQxanNoR01OWWFoVlhIa1c5bEZ4NDBmNGpRam9PT3RGWU5GejQ3eFVQSUZHY3RjakpNTjM1MkkxQ2JyTWxDMlhWekRMOUpFWEE00gGcAUFVX3lxTE16WC1ZbnVaWEphZFJCNDM3R1N4SWdzN2x0YjRvckI0cUQ2TTA1V0NrZ3cwR0JJRDE5NnpNM0xWaDRxVEVwZW9DSkRIWnZYcUJTU1ROWW1yS2QzOHB1alB2Nk1TYnhUZ2pHVXl3VnBnSnVQVUtnY2Z3cFhMVmRGMEVaRzAtSGVjbHNxN0p4LXJCNldCeXIzSFEyY01mTQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Coursera Stock Crashed to an All-Time Low Today
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPdVhsWGR5VThMWUwtX2RZeklMMHlCcTRvTGFNeWhabU92d3hwSEpDRE9ZZ0trbDlhbUp0dDgtQi1EWnlKbmJSakwzRG1lN1M4Tm1fUC15eEoyekcyMVVwWTQ2dWZ3aVVuWk1OUlBBWHJFelFqXzYzT3ZRRUk5Vk9Ydg?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Plea In Supreme Court Seeks Govt, SEBI Reports On Stock Market Crash After Lok Sabha Election Results
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxOU3RYcmtmNUh1alFuVjF2Y1FvQzViY2haTG9CWWowTTVoVDRjcEMxZmhscjJKa1pKUC14QVdtclNHRHJMQlFwQmp2OEVRX01rYS11Z3g1SnMxZEk1MmFVWXpBYVJTejlUckh2N2RyX192UmlCbFRsdVFtblh0UDhKRWhGQzlzMVpOMEh3bFkxbG9FNDVfZklUWjVkckp2VXViX1AtZldiQXpyMk02U3JSWTR4SXpuZFBCNndoeTZfLUszOURPak9vQzJ3cWxIdU9OS0luTzZfTklKZw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera Insiders Sold US$1.1m Of Shares Suggesting Hesitancy
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Analysts reset Alphabet stock price target before key September court event
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiugFBVV95cUxPck5oSzRsZm15ejMza3FYb2o2Q2hIckwxTndGRmNnTnJCOGZsdlFhZll5TXU5MGNEUzRtaHZsVHlMWUJwTml3UG05NU10aENHcS1JdzlMSGFka2ZkZXRpRFZwdXg4dW1nV08tV0RZRU9meFFMa1ZORGtpSnotTUtwYm04UG1obV9GcEtoZzRFMU5zTUlJT0dsOFpIRVlCRlZTa2ZXUEdYYVBUOTJjZ1dLRndmQklqb0xOeGc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMC’s APE Stock Conversion Accord Upheld by Delaware High Court
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQQzJkbVBWaTRsSFJEb3Zfc3h0V1V6bDZQcFVHc0xtXzFwZHZxZ0FOOXkyRXB2QVdDdHo5Z1lOdWJjRU1DNTBkLUZwUzFucDlleEJqQnF5aUEySW92Y0dnSG1UZlFrazFEenlkajRxNnp6YkR4NHRpck9YQjI0ZkxlU0JfcWlUREdkWUZ0Vmt5NXB6ZXA1UzU4RmE2MFdCVkh6eWlYdnVR?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Goldman Sachs Just Slashed Its Price Target on Coursera (COUR) Stock
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiowFBVV95cUxNMm9yUVZnSU44T2NEZnllOVVOUlJXeVZ1cktlUEs4N3ZSSVZzVDBaNExmVW9qbUNQcXlTZXlTMnNRakRBMDR1SjJTVFVnVWJ6TmlYb2E5ZVd1aDFMYmgwSWtMa19BeV83ZFprTC1kYnR3ZnhjaUZ5cTJUZ0lrSkdTUXBwNERqZDJ3VDFYTmRTR3VFaG4wS2wyQUh1a21SZWdobUUw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court strikes down Trump-era ban on rapid-fire rifle bump stocks, reopening political fight
https://news.google.com/read/CBMilAFBVV95cUxNZUkyb25UbG5kTjRkVk5KMlcwVFZKYnBhY0FtS0Z3anB6c0xHUC1HcTF2UWZtVUluOVdlVzhoZHBuc1ZHbFdaU0xtZ21FM3JpNUw3V00zT2oxYnRhSHJBQXpMOGNkUlRpaW9qQ3c4bVBEdE1IMllidC04czhhcjdDbjJkN3lnT2E1bFh0Ti02NnNWNEd5?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court wipes out ban on ‘bump stock’ firearm attachments
https://news.google.com/read/CBMimgFBVV95cUxORlhuX1VPNlNYYm1CQnhrVHdZTGR2MjRzbmRrOHl6dW1BcUU0NWZLcnRQOVZRUVpwQVBxUUprSVBTTnp1eUpJaVJKeHJzLVNXak53ZXBCNXB2MmhFTkxyVkxuVVFPY3pKYmxqbDhzaU80NDRlR2lLOFBNX1VlWTIzNjdILTNGX18xUkJkQ1dYa0VhZzcyN3NySHRR?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court Denies Estate Tax Refund in Stock Value Fight (1)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxPVlJ3NkNWb2JLU3VEMU1MeFJlUkl6NWU5VENYT0pTdEMwclBVcXd6ckFySnNNaUtGWUF5WUxDZ05IUTNsc3BQUGVSS3VzTGUzSUtTU29yMm5BTkNRNm5WZWhJSmtSdUphejZNbXNRandiVEg5M0JxYWNwSXlyS042NUduaVFGcHoyRXNqV0pMbk5uU19EYmRPc0xUc2RudFluMHBUMU0xNVduLWVvb2c?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court invalidates Trump-era ban on bump stocks
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQVVozOTVrMWdJTlQyY2l2QVJndHo1dHpCc3RaNXpMS2wzMzNkOWpVMmU2ejBoX2UzRlBnR2t6MDh5TnFGY05QZzl6d3RfLWJWNllDV0R1d1JaX1pDNlVsSVBXNmVSWUd2RmlDaEp4UHRqNmtWQjVZQmF4cjMtVkJEUVpaSWJDb0JYUk9qa3pJa3Y0ZGx3YWh3bHZwcHN4MGU3U0RJZdIBqgFBVV95cUxPYjZDSVhlb2RiNlpFNDdYOXkwLWlmOFZGMGxfTmtBY2lkS280MGNHYUt6ZVRzaGdoSlVNOHF4U1FucXFYRGZWSkpGdE51VkZnN3hfemJ1UkVRaEs0WjNVcVpNOGxKNnljc25fZzNHLS1JbVZwcjNnNmI1V3NIQ1NzNnB6U0NCdkdRa3NyemhaSlZ1N0pJVXFGRWhxRXpnOHQtNGtsTm9PdVRwdw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court strikes down Trump-era ban on bump stocks for firearms
https://news.google.com/read/CBMidEFVX3lxTE5mZHJURjdFdlVMd0xJOHVGS1FSLW9JMVFXdm1pRDNQUlk4VTZYZG9QdXVPcHpzT3h0a1NNS0VOZ0lpSjVkVnk1cWZDT0V5ekhjekNRLTJucXd5Nm5NRlFxTDl1OTc1LVVrbnVfbGw5STdkWTlJ0gF6QVVfeXFMTlRBSWFVWDdva1NLaWs0MVptZEEwUmtuUEdrVEVZY1BnTDNvckVVYmlHazFJY19OOEViNzFFc0I5NWJoUlU3Rkpqb1Ita0EwMEdqekxRcWQtNnh2SGZaai1DQXBnQ0FTWjRWZ2ExNWhpaE5Ta1FZWXpsa0E?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

What does the Supreme Court’s ruling on bump stocks mean for Colorado?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikwFBVV95cUxPMTFzWU9DaTdpYm5ET21paVgzaEh6ZVp2NlpYRlJmaTZNN0FCLWFjd2h4aGx2UFFPSmVWU0lqTDZlOElGQ1g4SkVLUjRYblZUSWhTUzdzU3VLNkJTbXllMHFTcGlzNGZpZnNZVEVnWGk5T29IWW1xd0x1dXNmQ1RJYWpkSnVWbEM2amN6TEphQm1HUG8?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Insider Sell: Coursera Inc (COUR) President & CEO Jeffrey Maggioncalda Sells 50,000 Shares
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiggFBVV95cUxPYlo4UV9MRGRiQnFPU2FxbjlyU1RoLUVNYXo0LTNIT3NjOHVpdnlhSGlhYzJTdkdJRG4zWngxNDdYZkdmX3dTU21LQ25CQWlhd3ljcTIxSTIyQWhVMGtmT08wVlhqVlM4cnZQODAzdTFGQkpHMlNZSVJSdVUtLVRxeld3?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Are Coursera Shares Surging Today?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiigFBVV95cUxNbHJFS05FV1FDdVMyNERDVnI1N0FjbXVvZXFUdWlLamxXN2szS1RPREE2NV9HaDl4bHFqYURMbkxlVWpQT01rMVZXMVlmQnlBb2VhSU8wb1dqRnJLenB0R3NMWThNVzVZYXF0N3hhNVJBSGtCRlY4WXpzb2ItdlA0UjZEY3RpQ2FQQ0E?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Courtois Full Year 2023 Earnings: €2.33 loss per share (vs €9.29 profit in FY 2022)
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Bump Stocks Now Legal Again As Supreme Court Strikes Down Trump-Era Gun Device Ban
https://news.google.com/read/CBMixAFBVV95cUxNRlNxZ211VFNPY3pqbERjcFY4cFMzZWFvZ3NNdmpydl9kOHlxZ3pGWUREODR5ZFZldC1jS2xmVUZEeUFMcV9tUDJqX1d0RUpXcmtONXE2VnNKSU85dTZHSGxwRy14OVJLbUYwNXFzeUFsb294VWNYMkFGM28wWV9NMEt5eDFrTHlLM3N0RWplSTRERkFmYlBDelgzMDdfdy0yY0dfeThpclZlcE1xMi04N192TnhDSnZOYUFiZFlYeURpY0Rn?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court overturns federal bump stock ban, siding with Austin gun dealer
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigwFBVV95cUxQd2c0ZGtGaDJMR1VvdlVGZnM2Q3NMNEtVbmVQeWNvY3ZuNjNKZmVhVG5Uc3ctTmMxLU1jWWNqR2NVOThfZUhQdkRtcE9FYktOT2NmdEc3NVZVNG1lNEhjYnVxd3J3VGtNV0JLQnFXVkUxRVNRUmVxSUY4NkJSVVFkdmdVYw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera’s (NYSE:COUR) Stock Plunges on Disappointing AI Growth
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikwFBVV95cUxPMUVCUk93RzFXSjNTN25EMkJPSnF3UElpSC1EcEMwTW81YlliVVQ5cTNKUnptTjg4UXhoYnk4WmZiNXBMaU5KUjUzQTJtcG9YM3EyenQ2c21ua1Zfc1V1N2p2a01Qd3VKdzJ6MFVoNmVLUG1zSGJXRjZIbXZUTzBNZ1o3YS1QSENMcE1JMmxhQ0VMelk?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera Earnings: What To Look For From COUR
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifkFVX3lxTE9qQTZyRUZLUmg1SWFHUW1ZNHAtbnZVRnJfY1R3NnM5ZjI5ckdiT3J3anZua0RlSktibUg5YXdsY1M4blp3ZW1EVFg3OS05N2F5andPTWhfaWJDZG9oVmJuSElGZ3VnbjgzMHlDYkN2dWxtTlF0dm9vM05ETHpXUQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court strikes down bump stock ban
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigwFBVV95cUxQZW1TWEoyaUdKTjNBeEp4Wk4zQVdBQ1pJRVRMczB3blZEX0hlRG1fdXJLald1NTVQQzRrRkk5VTdtendVZnZKeXdfMy1GV21OaUtTN09hM3dDcVVWV3pmWVBoY2FXUHFVbnFuZzZPRDEySWdHTy1yOXRadV9Fc2lrbUJ4cw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Coursera (COUR) Shares Are Plunging Today By Stock Story
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiogFBVV95cUxQbmxvZl9ZSFNkVm1SMU9lQVdEWnotM1VFcXF6WnRQOC1rNC1wQnJmR090UGYxQWJhYUhBSTd3OFdQYno2NzVZcUw1cjRtejlBN2dNdE45M2hWRnM3Zkh2ZjRWZmxKWjVwcW9lUE14d2l6R1ozVjRTTDhtaXdpZUJ3cEhIREVQblVvSG44TlZFc2ZaYkpMNk1XeTduamJUWDNza0E?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Insider Sale: SVP, Chief People Officer Richard Jacquet Sells 16,453 Shares of Coursera Inc (COUR)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPLVFrVk52ZkxQTzFhcnpBNXo0X0ZPeTFvd2hqTGltOGhoLU43NXdoNzM4Ry0wa0MydXVNV2hkd2E5VzBFUGxLMzBlVU82YTRPR1ZEa2hkcTVKVC1Ub2ZaSWF5QmRRbjJKcTFMbVNXWmZhZjJEbjNvcmptWjVJQVBkZA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Is Coursera (COUR) Stock Down 16% Today?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQQUhRcHk3aFlMRjZtUGJUanJ6bGRuMXVWd1RibV9STWhtZTdDb3lsblhuMU1QLXd4NjM4REY2MTFPTDBIeDhDQThJeFBBbmZHTHhPVDk1TUU2eFh1TTZJa1p0TFEtMzhfTlFSS3dMSVJaYllpLVhnalpXN0l2NG5RZlNTblJXUjEteFJqdWVJYThOLUJqZENsTEtyQl9YOGt3ZkYtSkNJNA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Opinion | The tragedy of the Supreme Court’s bump stock ruling
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiigFBVV95cUxQUTdSb3BMUzNLM0lIUTN1VlYzdHRzbE10dG1iRVdnZDVhdl9EeWZWQW8ySG5aMmxrZ0RaZnFjWmU0LWRyYmpkdHU3Q08ydEZHVFczQmpDclBwb0NNUGN5MmtsOGx6X2lITUwzekRWWDVpYzBXQVhyMkVKd3NJTHJxTVRtM0VrTE9TdUE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court strikes down federal ban on bump stocks
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNdmtzZW85MnFESG9MWFJRaDhJa09pV0Q5V1RjX0ZaUGVJVDNlcXNWQnY1bzRyemJxeUtPajgwU25uS3ROekEyY2U5NmRGUWwwN1lNeUp6Q3Y1c3Q2SmZWbnppTXNZb0pxVmJCSUNxUXl5QTFBT2ZmX1Y0ZHdLMUtWbHM0ZTQ2WERGY0pYWTF1YXNNbzZVUGltUjhGeHU5VldERHYyNE1CQWZQZkgxWWFSWWpGY1FwVXlJLXhz?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Justice Alito’s Stock Portfolio Stands Apart on US Supreme Court
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihAFBVV95cUxOVVU2MGhPNzZOU2dmT0xFQkV3X3VjSVFYbzJtci1aUW9MeDRvRFhLbjRPbjhuRjM4NkJjeUxITjFhWkVYM1FmRlFNcVdNNHY3Z1cyMnNsYXRfd3N3MkoxSFQ2WUY1Ny00T2NYZkxzRzdwS1B1WHVUSm9qQ2JYcjZIdU1PVlM?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Bump Stock Ban Tossed Out by Supreme Court in Gun-Rights Win
https://news.google.com/read/CBMisAFBVV95cUxPVUc4MnBocldoa2lWc283a2F5RjFmRDZOdkpEQjNNdElZT3g5RjNXV0d6VEl2M3p3dTZ5dHNRVWM4VzNkQnBIM3ZQaHJUdkhHbVEyR2RzN0lBZ1dDczJoRHRZVUFCT2c4cGZZbnE0OUhONV9GTkdhQ1NPQkxmWVllWFAwLU9FVTFXM0Iwd1ctSVpsOVVvenpRenhpajZMUXBPSmJEUG4zUHAzdmVwbkxCWA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court Ruling on Bump Stocks Could Open Door to More Lethal Weapons
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifkFVX3lxTE1yWTQtUTgyVkZNSVpqSVhjbkVqa24zVTMycnZzanZKclBzZGotdGF5aVBGN3J4aDB0SEh3d2VmVXZPSTNHUUZRb2Ffemt3czhTdGtrYV9EUGV5cnhpVi1aM0hzcVE3cTB6MTRoSVJHenZpN010ZW04dy1LM0Izdw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Insider Sale: President & CEO Jeffrey Maggioncalda Sells 50,000 Shares of Coursera Inc (COUR)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPU0lzc0I3eE81RTZOMklwSWZ5aS1ObDhOX2FVUi1yYTFaZ0lta0RlMGY3YXQ4OVhjSEpLY0g3U3RuOU1SY2dVcXZLeDNjR1hmOUhlRGYzWEtNU0F0eEZaOTlBUy0yZ2cwcC1Tamk5WjQ2alFNZ2NaczVVNGUwWVA4cXRsSDZTYzA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera: Generative AI To Power Growth And Share Price (NYSE:COUR)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMingFBVV95cUxPV0stb25ETXZwT21iN2NuWEN5NmxaS0lkQTR2dzFWUUcwLUktcVJhZWR4eHBEM2NkUkhsdGZmVzlFZkxIZnBJTDI3aDJkRF9zZlktNlVnM0xjWDctTnQwUy1Tek9LLXltZl83R2dQNlo2cVFvSFU4Nnl3TXREMm5US3FpVXFUSWotMkNIdEZTYUs0bDVKSU5NX0dOQnRSZw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court strikes down Trump-era federal ban on bump stock devices
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipgFBVV95cUxOQnY0NmR6QXhkLXNLa0VPT3dTRVBIOG0xNVZFWk1DUmhXY3hUNktfMnJzcnNQU1FYT0xCb0w0Q2UzMDZKTXc0TTM5OER3SWJZR0dET25qY2J2M2dXYTlmZ29US2NYMzNYYktYVzZuVzB5MDkxQS1MTFE0Sm5sWHllNXBidFJsYzYwSldpSTBHT0cySnIwYmNvam05S0ZDUHZzbk1zREp3?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

What to know about bump stocks and the Supreme Court ruling striking down a ban on the gun accessory
https://news.google.com/read/CBMioAFBVV95cUxQd1YweDhOUkM4T2hUVEVnaWNjdFgtWlJham5aU1NzQU1fZGtGazhnNE1VR3AwblRaYm1DLXRyVVBrQ1ZOSEpoWGlNcTNkaTZCU2xjLWxJcXVQNmhWaG5oaExHel85X1dFM2VhUncyR3dFS2Mxc1VUa1NLWHUyZkFRNnVRMks2YWRXclNRcklyM1kySUlrUkZ3WjdYaUpFNW85?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Justice Alito’s Stock Portfolio Stands Apart on US Supreme Court
https://news.google.com/read/CBMitgFBVV95cUxQT1YzUGRMaFBrYUxORWdhcERMOXljRF96WjlhUGRkZWFkN2RpZkd3c3pvWnNybEZ4WFZldVdjR0tVS1IwZTBOeFoxZXBCaURBY2JaMExNb1FNMDB3ZnMtR2hJQU1leDRGbHZaZVdzNElMdFRiaVEyM05OR2pBNWRyaGJTcUhjU1RJTEdLSkhJNTNHTVJkWkdUOTNlcXRoOW9PbXZxaGJoV3YyZjNrNFRwbVM1aTAyZw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Coursera: Growth Should Improve From Here (NYSE:COUR)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxOaWxMN29DS1c1U19VeVFVNDc2bVF0c2RGT0tkMVVpcjBHd1QtR0ZwOWFpMUVpbWZZbDJMZlJWdC1GRHN6SktBdTl2YTdNUmpKRzdKQW5ORWtVNERYZ295UXZ4Q0NGQTVFVWhpMWJnMmFyb3dOUTI3bDlKdF91dUdsR1NHbWVYNGl5?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court Justice Alito sold Bud Light stock, then bought Coors during boycott
https://news.google.com/read/CBMinwFBVV95cUxPWnFzVG1obk5qN29EMzJrbkNXWWpvX3V4WWRhUXBVUEw5cG8yU0d2UjJhSS1TcUVmc3NtQmJsSnhMdnhKOGg2LTRQRnRzVGJOQk04dW1qTDdLQ1BCSEdiaUdtN25Mdl9BTlBNdkZOczV2UXNjRy10cmpmV3hSalRteDQ0SmlHMWZ0VnM5MDF3c09wa3dQOFFIWnl1eTZwS0XSAaQBQVVfeXFMTUZmLXpnR2V1MUxha1ZjS18yU1IybEZLbVB4RFVrWHVUTkM0WjQ2MFVYSHJkNU1Hd0lHQzhlbzRRNHFIQWhDdzFLWGJUaEc1OVlzRDk0X1N1N2RnM2RybDNSWUlZSXY4bm1Kd3lvY0tuOFFMRHk5NXpXOEJ5LUlSbkFOVDljRFQtU1ROMXRCNVVodTNId296X1ZwanJlRk9FRi1tbVc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Is Now The Time To Look At Buying Coursera, Inc. (NYSE:COUR)?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQa01uVHMxS1dnR2pSOFZhQ295UGpQek5Dc0JKZmZKYVYyd1IwOTBQQ3RHNVZGeDd4R2UzUTR5M1lONkFqSnVia1dQMXlyQmxuVGw4QzNiZVB1RzVXckpuZlY5c2QzdlZxLUs4OFNIZkFRSGREeHMweXo0YVBmdXpNZA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Supreme Court invalidates Trump-era bump stock ban
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQamJSSUdlU2VnVmZjLXRtVHBmdFhpMDJxZk1yRVZNcVR6ODB5UEpkR0JIcXB0M0VQbURfclJreTVWd2xTaHZjQXNtaGJqYkdzUWRwb1BFRjlMZHdmV3B4U3N2NjNXVjQ0OUFsUnZjZFFiMGllMWMtT2dMZ3NVeGVZNVluMExtOEdlRTJXc01NTFZ2azA0Ri1lSzRoWU1qeG5MYTc2TV9Zb9IBrAFBVV95cUxOWkR5Vy1MLWJ6SXNqdEZaeVhjbGRsZG9SZGhZMzM4OVZMUWl6RE00UEVmVlRhUGRiMEVfREptdjlYeWtqOHFUYndKbGg3ZUtROVBNRGVuUlFZMXNzZ3VoenIwNEdrZXB6YXFLenRzRHF1ZFVRVFM3SUswWEZHVXllSlpJQ0VqRTlodzBHU3NkZlRJSlNpbjhiTGtpeDlsM19jQU14bHl3cHRtb1Zw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Is It Time To Consider Buying Coursera, Inc. (NYSE:COUR)?
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

California Court exempts stock options from "Wages" classification
https://news.google.com/read/CBMivAFBVV95cUxPTWRZNnJNTXJjbnloNG1pYkRoLVhsTnVFZE1xZGpEMGEwcGFPa2VJYVhYLTZGMlJ5akpoeWZNUUVqZ3hjZzBBLUFWb3FuWmxIcmNPd0IyczhhTGUzS1JrUkNZYXNKUG5pSFZBTzFsa2tPOTM5TnB3eUstd3Q1THBMM2oxYVY0VHBlSVdaS1FfeFZnU0dyLVY5b3p2VlVrMHE2WFlNN0x1N1FpYWdoZlpid0Jidy1CcHdmV3E5Ug?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

