Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU) Stock Position Lowered by Letko Brosseau & Associates Inc.
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifEFVX3lxTFBkWUxhSkd0RWtqM2xsOEJaMDJwWXRTTE9lbDVCWW4yTG1iVnZzMkpJWWlHQkhCenZoaDhOODhsMTBXbGlFTWh4Q3JaZW5YZVZHd29sTEEzTkZvVUZiMkUwaTdzZXY2UjZ6bzF5NWVVM0Z5enoycFZoLVpyTTE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

A South Korean billionaire was arrested in an alleged K-pop stock manipulation scheme
https://news.google.com/read/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1wTExpSnVCQV9wRXkxQlpHdWJpZTA4VUNEY0VEVFFESnRrS2x6emdoeUxJblRXalFEQ2xMUERFUWg1OV9weUxpdVZnbWZCVXpua2Zqd3hJTGRUbndNMkNPN2NnWjhLMW0yOXRxMnpvX3pKZ2RB?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao founder arrested for alleged SM stock manipulation
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQaHM0djZlWFI0Qy1KdHI4aDNHTms1UFNYWVFlR1hBblFsS2w4UTVrNnpsdWxqYi1mdFJzWk56aFN2QjBmbnotb2o2VTlqNjdHSUZrMzFOeWlaQ0FkMzgzTXdydkE0X0RPa3ptVGc1dTBYdExlSXNrY0oxcmkwcGM4LVlFdVJsa2tT?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU) Stock Position Raised by Maryland State Retirement & Pension System
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5GWmdyUmtRNGRHTUdJUHl1ZllGelZyZWdrdnFUTmlRMGZPQlFfWVp5SkZaU05kcXVFNUtlR2cyZUJRcHNraGdwSGU5VUozMVBrdkN4WGkySDVzQXBGX3VzczRfNXVBVk1DSUlOb1lWMFdTdU5QdG1ia2g1M1Q?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy (SU) Earnings Expected to Grow: Should You Buy?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihwFBVV95cUxOeHp4RWhMcllPUkRoNWdRQnc4b3ZkLUg0UlFHN01NMFcxUGkxQ0Njcmpwai03eVZwSllNcWlhX1ZRaVA2dzRZWWxTR3FsaWRMUEk2Y3JrNFVNZjdVMkJFNU1XNmtSREZHMU01ZmRJTVhNeWY4bk4tRjI2UjFyOFl3MllPZWxrVUE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao’s billionaire founder faces arrest over alleged manipulation of SM Entertainment stock price
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxOaHI5TXNvZGR5VmJ5MkxJSGQ3VkgxdWd3MXV2VkRuV0JQVlJmY3V3VmVacElWOFQtV1pPbjBDMWFHaHZMNDc4Vm9ZcUNSOFJySWp3YjNGRXVPZkQxTDJZZnE1dk5VVFlBUFpnN29jQnhkaG9qbWJRRFhfM0ZaaXE0SnFWZWxiVjl6VHM3VllTVmVFaDJfeVVvYTh0WGFxaTB5S3pSNlJld3pjcWx4ZnduRHpub0QxaGNLMEdhMkZ3SjdIN1NtbDlrWUJvdlJpR1FzZm5B?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Nearly All Wealth Gained by World’s Rich This Year Comes From AI
https://news.google.com/read/CBMitgFBVV95cUxNaHY4RnB6Nk0wSzlGeUxPc3A1RU81UmtOSjVrWDFCcWRKclRGZ0w0ejNxZVUyMHFOOGpuY1N1OVYwNjBuUnJ0SldJWVU2Z0NJeU5yWE9ZM0xSVDdzTVM1NlE0alc0ZWhrWWdKUHY1WFYzTFI1dkpIbktRblJIQ2NWQnVJRWJkMlE1cU1aODR6c0syQnNGbFhZVHhRMl9oX2tJTEwyLVBZX3ItT2JDemxnUGc4anRfUQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Is Suncor Energy (SU) Up 0.3% Since Last Earnings Report?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMid0FVX3lxTE5KUS1aMm03NkJMclJNVUNkXzZnbmFsOWJCQjdrd01ycmZlNFdNbnZOd2JXMTNBRXItbEpCdkk2Rm1xOVBkTkNWX0IxcHBLSDd4dmYwZ3JUV3JldS1scGU2dmlVaV9xLUQxOHZnZVRRTktzeVdESlFZ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Stock: Should You Buy the Rip?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMidkFVX3lxTE91UkJENDBvTmpJUFE1RG5fNEJlYlczb1lNdkQ0aklfYlR0TGE1UjFOOEtGZ3k0YVZFVWJEcXBsTWhVTjN2U09ZNFVtM0E5MFIteWRMZC00VzM1dmxDOFNoUk8zZnFWOTNGVVQyWElGWTMwYzFCMUE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao Founder Kim Beom-su, Other Top Executives Indicted On Stock Manipulation Charges
https://news.google.com/read/CBMingFBVV95cUxQeDF2Ty1SNGVGMGNUWGhTNUFYUkVKRjR6cHpmLURXVlFETlFNRFNHbkpDUllYOXd3czJuNzZmdUNTeHdNTHM4aGtPM2lBVG9mOVRhVmJGc09YU0hqRkdvQTJSNm5SMzhoeHRSaVhjN2RIZ1UzemdHTEV6allOeDNlVG1HM1N4UVB5dzNpcFhCZENWQmVQNlMybUFhalBiUQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU) Shares Purchased by Commonwealth Equity Services LLC
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifEFVX3lxTFBTNzRoVnhLSnktWHpnQUk3YlktaE96RUFjWTVNdGVraGF3V0prdE44aDl5c3V4dHlkSnpBXzJsaHhSRHRRUDllQmR2LU1JdFFudjFHLUZVY2xfaW9GWVNpaUg3NXZzdVRhQTRUeV9nNUh6WnlNeno2RmJLRVA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMD Stock Turns Negative Year-to-Date, CEO Lisa Su Meets With Tesla: What Investors Should Know
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi6AFBVV95cUxNM1VmcndLWXhqb21JWHFBUmZzRmtyaG5iWllJNUJEamlPRXdzVUJ3d05BdDZkSmxNTk1HcGE5dno3VG5pVHU1QTVsb0JZMENSbzI3bE1hZ0RnakZQaTdUeDhFak5ybnpJQTlpN0JzVnRXNVM5dXk1dDY4dmduRTJkQ1JfMWJnMDhQcWZzUzBtOW55YjJ2UFlPNEJidHZ3elRicGJYQVdTQnZrZXpRMGphSkhpYndNamdnMVFud0R5Q0t5WmRTQk92aHpsb0loLVBMYk8zc19idnJNUDJjOHFyLV9RSU93dDd1?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor: Long-Term Potential, But Its Stock May Be Range-Bound For A While (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMisgFBVV95cUxNRkhLZlV2QURUaThGZW8zZDUzNkx6T0xtZHhvVVFpOV9hc3drVFhQNGgxZ2pUdkh3N2N4ajlMd0NDc3lpN3pVM1p3eS0wNGFxdU5nLXhsRHFBbzlKZ1JZTHdSTmsyYjA2ZnF0WDJkMmFNVjM1bTVWWHNaNTI3bnNmckQ0LTdyaWlNWVBLTlNGUVk1UWZ1YW9DenpsRkhwTTlRYW9fVFJTTWRGMjdGU2diaFFR?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Stock Is Rallying: Should You Invest?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMif0FVX3lxTE9PNFJFYW80UC1jam9sd1JGdEtid1Q0Qm16NGVGS0t5dkx3VUM0YUdXdkJQb1RLXzJzYnpORFE1TkU2ejZ4LVpqNU8tbTRIUlY1S1Z5Mjd0aHRLanlTZkE5VVFseENHNWVITHRvb2oyRkkxcHpDNTBHSlh0UEFxOEE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Cashing In On Suncor: A High-Yield Oil Play Too Good To Ignore (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipAFBVV95cUxOcy1fYnFDZ0RxN1J6MUpkcm1zckRWODFocUlZY0J4TkN3U2Nsb0dJckVDcmhtTzRBaGJsRjNRNDFJbXJiSHR2eF9FYzM2TTc5WE5ielJORjFLVUxGcGZBZWNqbEF5eV8zbVhHbHFBbTlwcHVoemw5eFJzSDU0ZEdOa1N0SWo1LXJ1M29NV0RHUkVzSmliS1RsTnZndzdPYk1qQk9Mcw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

HAL shares surge 5% after Cabinet gives nod for Rs 26,000 crore worth Su-30 MKI fleet with HAL-engines
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMD CEO Lisa Su just sold $20 million in stock. Was it ‘opportunistic’?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxQa28waVdhLVRDOGdLZEVTREMwMUFUR1FoVDJ3Y3NEUi01RDJvU3BySGRWanZRdzJ1Q19ES21leTNiaHFqemxDeE15Vjhac1dhSW54OWVHaHI4bW1hak9hVFFEY1dkOXdJcWlSMTlWbk9qUUhpMVpqNUZHd2xRUFNFOFhJblBGc0ZKcG1SSDJBamJDN2tzMVZka1BJTnRxbGV0Zmx0cVFRUFZWYlZfc1HSAbMBQVVfeXFMTXZnaXM1ajB6YW1vZjBlX0ZfYXBWSnFLdnFQVDgxZjdSRUU5by16WTZybFUwbGRLMHAxdnlHRWJNVGlvaTg2aWFyaXR1X3Z2R3k1LURNR0ZTTTBxbEt0Ykx3SHZBbER3MGozaVphemxmdUNMMWZIRjhRRUlFbkEyNk9NaERHc2xWcFB1bDZ5YnlfakhEV0ExRm1GcFpnNFppYlhnQmpMR1RrZjV5a0paSHRlNHc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why You Might Be Interested In Suncor Energy Inc. (TSE:SU) For Its Upcoming Dividend
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihwFBVV95cUxOOWNVc1ZtdDN4djhKM1RrRlpwSERxVHNZN01sTlQwTDBPdExpZW9hRUFNbk1XR3FtRm91UUVXZ2ZzWVVaMzBCb1dUR3g2QVVPNkhaeGd1UVZ2Z2QxWTUyWUJWUDZkUl9paVM5RFFjVjhCNXhHYmZfVlFud3pHS1hiY0ZXOHVKTVU?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

First Foundation Advisors Reduces Holdings in Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5KVHM5TUlJc2FkWk1CRW5LZlR0elFLSmV3cEMyUW15ZnJOTjAwZi1NWjR4WS1ZYkJOaVZYaUdBTGx5Z29lcWZ0UkM1eWk0bXRfWGtzOElmNFFCb1lPOU1rLTdUUmpJZ2RoeUY3ZUxKRDBfdVN2NS1vb3B1a1Y?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy (SU) Stock Forecast and Price Target 2024
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiYEFVX3lxTE5GZzllT0wycXpSa01oRHJpOHpWQjdNVmZVSWp1bURDNEJ2blk1OU1Qc1J1cThBaE9aZmhVUzlyTjVEVEJNV3QwSndDdTA5LTJWaFV2REVRcnF3Tlo2ekZlMw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Fishing bans in Baltic Proper do not favour herring stock recovery
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxOT3EtTHhBOHNZekUxc0QtODhqdEpJY3diUmNsQ05CTkdDSVVKMnFYVFlSR2c0MFV4TzRSRVpkSmdueHczM1VKQUVHNjVla2laa1BBTVVzUHZUVmFyV21IdkZEVS03cDV3bV9UTEhMdnE3LXZISFpXckljNTU3YzBGU2wwRERqNmhtM1p6dVZkVndxMExyaGRiYzY2QTV0bWRoTEhXdUFxVmhfSXpEcUQ0bjJzTnhOSUFVT2UtdUVvQXFNa2tudGpaTkVQWHMtTUpDbnVN?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Here Are My Top 2 TSX Stocks to Buy Right Now
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigwFBVV95cUxQVS1DWlB6UHJUT1p2SThpdngxLTFTTFJScTRoQy1yYTBHREtLTmpGeXBocGFDX2NpcC1QaUdQUGx5OFN0LUVWVlNHYjgxbG5VcC1aQnZJVW5NTGpUNFJUQmxyMzZ2RUl1T0RZVlRyQndfcnhtUGdoak1mai1zNnFJelVRYw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy (SU) Q2 Earnings Rise Y/Y, Sales Top Estimates
https://news.google.com/read/CBMif0FVX3lxTE1NMV9KRkMyWF9kOWpYbTBtamdOdWJLblRfV0JERV9vYWRGOEpRSlVsbkJyTzBmQUQtNW1LQzVjLVVBVG45UTRLMFlfTUliQy02eVAzekcxdXJMdENjSHByR0pxMHlZOUpmYmlsRTlmRGtYSDlvamlqRkt6enJySVU?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy: Soaring Buybacks And Dividends
https://news.google.com/read/CBMimgFBVV95cUxOeEdqeFdPSm1LQndYOGNhZmNvd3Q3UzRONWloMVFmd2htSEoxMnZNMms4enozT2VsMWlmS01vMWg2d1ZPYTVFQ2hxX2NKNThBSHpYRlFidHF4aFdfdVlTdlBaUHA2Wi04cFhlV0NPZXVDMkc3OGhOY252NTFCRFlaN2JfWl9QeWdIVTRHSGhUNFJhdm1GWVFiUFp3?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy: Don't Let The Premium On Occidental Outshine This One (Technical Analysis)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMirAFBVV95cUxOTEdFWFJVODRONUpzTzZiLXh3Y0xYUW5WSEk5UW04VnhZOVBNNTh4MUR6N1dqUlRMXzQzb05oMlpFRHdWOUNJam1qSTZNX1FkS05hM2E5S0pqeXBfM1F0cnljeWdOcEQyZXhIRHhiU1hLREZTN2l4ajBraHpHa2JKVEQtc3NrOFhidHhnaUVPTVVxTm9NVnlsLUhCc0p0amh0NzhKVHZSNVhRODY4?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

2 Energy Stocks to Buy Hand Over Fist in March
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifkFVX3lxTE1tMXdFWVVIM0VzMkh3X05HenpWcHJmQVA2QWZRU195emVIaXlKYUtQOVg4UDA1dV9ScEV3QUY3VkJvRUtrNENqaFN6eEM4WkdzeG1TamlFMHEzSGtHN1ZyYnZBUU5xU2dVSklwOWtkLUEtTHBrLXNDeFhXcnd5QQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor's Growing Buybacks Can Push Shares Higher (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikAFBVV95cUxQaVFOQW94VmNYTTVoRWppTkktVk5UdnViY1FNZlJVdGZyX1pKaThIYkF4bU9HMzRKdldXVkZYdXBlamVGMEVtdUdZVnhhSEZMR012T3JXSkRPTWpLcXFhUkI3VnhtbGNIYUhJTkU0Vk1EZ2wtMV9sUldCaGhNNHYzU2FieTQzQ25Ga3VsclhVNE0?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor's Planned 24% FCF Per Share Growth Makes For A Great Investment Opportunity
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxNN0JoMVlhNXA4dm1wTUdzYnB3N0xVNmxqSWhoRTVQajhzQjBqbkRlRUdoMU1xWDJqRzZFc3FoZVJQN3NzYnlpNmJkbmlsbUF1bGpLUjFrMUJOREVlamd6ZzBsU0NtUDdaUHJYUmhfN0dLSWgxdFRvbzdCeDJZckNLVW82SDA0ZkF2YmE1bkNiZ2Z3N25qdkxaNG1hRU5vb3VfU0dEdU96cnV2Z1hGWUxUSWhJNVVvYmhY?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

A Dividend Giant I’d Buy Over Suncor Energy Stock
https://news.google.com/read/CBMif0FVX3lxTFBoSk9ySVZsVGV2elRlejNLWERha09jdTBPY3FGWGRxZVN1SkN2bm1KVExjeUlFeXAxZ29pUUtFZWZqSFhjWXFyU1UxQWcyQllpdjY2Qy1hTFRFZ0NER1pSdnZNY0dPZzdpTlhWT0RtSHRSVlZsekVWRFlNc0ZSSFk?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy (SU) Q2 Earnings and Revenues Beat Estimates
https://news.google.com/read/CBMif0FVX3lxTFAtZTVZN0tzQzl4M1ZSTFVya3FteHpqeDVXazFNZVJrTHpVd3lvSGxiM201bHd3WUw5Skhhelk4UmNpN0psSUxNS0F1djFCbXZaeVJhaXdhMWJvY0JsZXdvSFNtS1gxQ3RLS2dCdVNpMGhxc3kzRzRJZkZUMzZ0XzQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Analysts revamp AMD stock price target on AI deal
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiogFBVV95cUxOazBSZnU2Z3lvb2NrWXpuRXZTN2FKYjQ5U1JKN2ZnZDJhREg1Y2lhLVFMWVFQOEhQUTZRbnVwMGdtNW1zMk9FdGpkYUUwdEw2NTRTdHNzaUxTOURxaFM1b3dSN25YRXFqdk8xdWZzUmpZU3BRakd1elRDSkFITWF6eTZwaWNvdlRILXpSLTFkSGozdU90aXJFcGp2SGpSWEhIQ2c?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao founder Kim Beom-su indicted on stock price manipulation charges
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi6gFBVV95cUxOYmpSVDFwV0RQNndjZ2JLYWdxcVBUV1l2MEsyX1FTQmVkNjdrbExaUnJQY1hVMG9xYjRhdVN6aGVZQndrNVhVa3BKV3JoQ3hublBmM3k1SEZMTW1FLXEyd1hJMUNULXFJQklaTFphRVR4bW5SMG5aX3FDR1BGQnp0bFpQOGYwc3FtVGpVMHhra1JxUVRwa3hGX2VaOHdPWlJWSTZGMkxxX29qU0xQRGdHWjVtUTZ3U051bFR3ZTFKMHhmMWl5NU5FOEVJdzlLaXFuYU9qRjFRQTM3Q00yVi05U1FOOXhuZHdIZkE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Six stocks rewarding investors with buybacks – and dividends
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxOaHJOSVBCMzZUZUUyV2hwbWhFbUQ3djBldEVqVnFua3QzRnZ4NUljQzVfdzJ4ZVpmb2Q4dFdXTVdsNWV6UWpSQi1meTUzT0o4YlNfNVRzdDB5NnFIUTdOb3YzTF8tODNiNlFtT1d2YzREUWNWUnZlQ3pfTnAyaWFfOU9BSW5PMmlEbm5UTlU1WHlBbjBfdHZVT0pxTDRWeFJSTnF4QnpXVFlyeFJTQlRVOHpNUFBEaUJCZWc5djNDcURnSE5oUXNzd05NUEV6cjJPa3FVT2w1M09Kdw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Pinning Down Schneider Electric S.E.'s (EPA:SU) P/E Is Difficult Right Now
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor surges on accelerated stock buybacks, debt reduction plans (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipAFBVV95cUxOem9mM3htUEkwSTkzVHlkalRZdXVyalNqZ1czZzM2S0w2dS1MbTZUYl95ZG1Tb1FKV0JDbjhpVzNFM2xEZlBxd19wTmVQdERJRDVGVGNfbkZDamRZZUZlY25WcjdrR3d0bzlCN21ocnBEcHlOek5XTTJaVS01RHlSN29kTVIxYXh1VTVVZGRSQnpEeUZoU2hNUWdJS3ZXQ05MNHRucg?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Founder of South Korea’s Kakao arrested over alleged stock price rigging
https://news.google.com/read/CBMitgFBVV95cUxPdjFrckpNQlJJUUdCVTQ3VzYybXIxQ204TzFXTjd2T1hodllTR1duWW5ETnJ4NUVnNkRacTdVY293azRrMnYzdUJ4OFJDT29tVEs3aXpuZ3dXTkxxbTNwVjYxMVFTOWN6MGVXM1hLTkhiWWNtdUg0U0lucjUydE45R292bm9EQm5wUk5nX0xrN2FlM2ZZWXNqNVRvV1l2WDAzQXN6X0V1d0dkdS1qc3RzMmpwalZQQdIBuwFBVV95cUxOQWZ6MmkwWkdDOWJUWFNndGRXNkRvQkU3QVdQbUZhQm9iN1JFdzRON3RrMnlxR2Vpa1VuUVRvOVpSTnNQc0o5UzNkd3JzR1dDekRXRTk2YkV6bzJ5VUx3QjFrZk0wcDJFSGlEb0J2WkFiaUF5VkpMYXBlTm03WGJhVG9TSlRub0R6Uk5iRk9JMjFGNzN6ZmM4X2hXak4xbzM1R2xVWG5fcnZRNEJ5YU9ZVmQ0VVFLTWh1UmhB?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao Chairman Kim Beom-su Faces Arrest Over Alleged Stock Manipulation in SM Entertainment Acquisition
https://news.google.com/read/CBMidEFVX3lxTFBhVVhLWlZOcU9WU1pBRFduV1B2Tk5PYWpzVi10MlBDWHp1ZFVqNGp1ajF6dWdqVzVBSHB5UDRTQ3NQZWV5Q0sxRGFBQlZ1b0Mwakg4QmZSTVNQR3BhTzZ1TzFDQWZHNXhxb0tHY2U2TmdodVZJ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Founder of South Korea’s Kakao arrested for suspected stock manipulation
https://news.google.com/read/CBMimgFBVV95cUxQa0NUOTl4S01UX28weC1oVEQwd1RuNzlqdW9sTVhhdkFoSzJGanRHRjhQdkl5RDdoMWZKcG5kQ1dHbnVQcHVqTkxrWVFXZVFiTEZrS1JneENaZTdUeVFRZXJINVVpaEhBX0FMSlpwMkxIMEtNalFoUndlSDZWYzR2U3dGcTFVME1oN094X0YwLXJPdHdUVXIzZ2dB0gGQAUFVX3lxTFB3UkhOV2hGN3BySURXUzIwaTRVZmUzNkNoczl2WnkxTXgzWEpHSHRZTXJpdW9mazFxY2ZJODV0MDNaSjR0UkFjQk1rRzl4aGV5RnE1RTlhTnlwR2pVYU5Qc2tXcERfZGRkaTJvSjN5bzY2SkZsbTJxcWZucUZBbFAtVVl1TWMxTTNTbFJ5QUtYZw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Is Now the Time to Buy Suncor Stock?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMidkFVX3lxTFBZMExlVW1LMkhIQ2FrRW5fWTV2eUhrZEJwX3FEWWFZT3p5VUpCMm1TSTFxeDBUcjh6YjBmdGFhYzE3N0R2OTc3UnhqRmdPQUFPblBfT1JIYnptNEFCRk9TdVp3ZjJKNTVMZXEzUG9oa0pMZndFLXc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Is Schneider Electric (EPA:SU) A Risky Investment?
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

SU:CT: Stock Price, Quote & News
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiUkFVX3lxTE14STBfOXZ1azVZUUR5SzBYWGNadWNNeTR0NXk1SXdRRmlhNUFBMVhLZllsUG9ncFk1TW1ldTFZQkxrQjJ6aDF0LWpHMjdjUmtMMXc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Be Sure To Check Out Suncor Energy Inc. (TSE:SU) Before It Goes Ex-Dividend
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU) Shares Purchased by National Bank of Canada FI
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifEFVX3lxTE1hVDktNGxMYlJUcEw1alpGVENJUnhFRjJLWEdqUjNBclk5UnYwVWR1RDZ3dkNKQ2h4cXFaMGhrVWdYY1FONG5sZzJnRHMySjJDYm1hdHA5WmVCMDh4YkxFS1FzVzhyY29xNW5XVlh1aUlTNmVBZUR3Z0VmQkY?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Analyst updates AMD stock forecast ahead of AI conference
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiogFBVV95cUxPdFBUVUQySzNnZWRydkN5cGJra2Uta0kyb21GUk16bkFGLWdOSGJsbGVpMzVQUTVwMk5HcDh0ZUItOEEzbGNMNGlBU2ZIdV8xNm9iMTZsbGcybXVKY2VGZGJUaHZNel8zSDducTNHclFVMnJaaVhicG1KeFZKTU5jZzk3a2ZxSFNQTWg4UnZfRzg3WVVLZ2wxVThXQXlNYWMxMEE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Yu Su shares new single, 'Avanvera', on Music From Memory: Listen
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQQ0RuSFVyRkVmcGo4OVE4UnlMQTZDTmVNVzVsNjV3M182UnpmUWxQeXhYUEJRYWtKaGdfMGhldzBNUjBWdkxMUkw5bTJQMWs0YVlVQm1sWml5T2ZKdXVsNHZvc2xYdVVHMXNPbE5wdGp0SjhEQVJHSDd2Vmh5QUh2YQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

306% return in 2 years: Defence PSU stock gains 5% after Cabinet approves Rs 26,000 crore worth Su-30 MKI a...
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

'Like a new Suncor': Stock analysts heap praise on Kruger-led turnaround
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiugFBVV95cUxOUzUycXJpZTgyTWNucUxLby1xOUI4Ykp5UHphMWZGUllhQkVKY0hqQUxsVEJjdGVuMUZVb2RBRnRXckltX0phUnhOek9GcHgxbDhxaVJnNVdLbTRoOUNSM1JJajZ3NDZRXzhLVlFUbU9IVWVIUkMzZnQ0M3NDbHg0ODQyRXlYeUhEbzVhdTFhWGJ5d0VNRzQtNFFhSVU5WTZjV2J2aTJBREFsVkMySERoQ3ZLUF90ekpuakE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

BMO's veteran oil & gas stock analyst calls out 'glaring disconnect' in market
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxPcGJveU5hUGdFa0hQNjRPeUJZeGgxVEdqSm42dngwX0VIeHFYd0xHYWlVOGt4cklDN01qSU1QRFdjbmlUcmswVTM0VlZYVy1ocGpoVTVDQldRRkRWeFd6M1B0UndRQkFOcVJXSXZVWDg2TXZKaW9RZ2czamlIczFyNzVnNHNjM3gzdEhlalBKV0ZTNGQzd0taanZrTk5TRktjS0dmVlI3WU9vS2d1UVI5a0pWQ2p6UG9JSEh5QWJVNUM?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Schneider Electric's (EPA:SU) investors will be pleased with their solid 237% return over the last five years
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy's (TSE:SU) Sluggish Earnings Might Be Just The Beginning Of Its Problems
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Schneider Electric S.E.'s (EPA:SU) Stock Is Going Strong: Is the Market Following Fundamentals?
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Analysts reset AMD stock outlooks after AI acquisition
https://news.google.com/read/CBMingFBVV95cUxNZ1ZFaUFvU3l1M3JGTW1uQlFvSEZrOXpUaFFJX1ZyRkRFaTdHdExZa0RwczZFemdESEpjM1B3eXpQUUkxNkdCNmtnMjdYbk11MmVUc0xYZ0c4ek1ZdGZOZlBwV1hENGhzNmY2bU5DQlVOdHlQLTc0bG1vZENzMzVWU2s0OUtTS0UwdGlzQ3E3eXJ4dERoQWVrUnhpVDhDdw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

HAL surges 4% on a cloudy day; Antique upgrades stock to buy after Rs 26,000 crore engine deal
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi-AFBVV95cUxNUl9yQ0UwUVFneGV2Wmc3aUhEN0ZzeWoyMmNreGZtYzA5UjcxTTNOb3hFR1JRMEo2eXdkOFlZcHhrQnB4Wkhud1hUaFJhVFRDQnNqNEFPVWNEVFJqUzc3WnBNTVJRZFd2X0ozR0pDdjlVUjU3MTNmY3QyNVc1Nlg2UzRzZVF5NkVSaFJ6T1lRb1RSQnVXSXdWYS1zQm5WQ1dlSkpPa2lORkg5SFZWQ1IydzlrYmxxLUF6dnIwaFA4bjJ0V0NwdVktd1hUVGJiZy1LdXdPUVhBc0M4dHpZaElGdGQyeXV5b2VESURiZHNYSEtIVUxBOEhoN9IB_gFBVV95cUxPR0V1Rk9PZVhIOUp5eGphN2tVRS1iS0hucWhoNUlTSno2bGZtUVpMWGs0QTJvSmI4MUd3VFByblNBRGRsNmR5eFFNRU1OR2RBUlpjaklEN3lkcGJtTmh3U0RQbmdUbDZZY0l6MF9HTERHMEoxLTNkVmRyTTZHTTZ1cjNnZ2JKM2RNa29TVnViVklZVFc2TGZJd24waXEwWUpwdHMwMi1HaTRFajdZcDl5eWN6bTBjbFY2dXFlQ3kyR2RtTFFCOGNiMnRXWldEMmR3LW9DQ0JJZzhFS0hvdzAzcDlQTDA1eHlZR3Q0YVd1NHN6LWNzMktsT01XcmhDZw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Triasima Portfolio Management inc. Invests $25.53 Million in Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifEFVX3lxTFBsbzFHck44Mm9yQVZ6VnowaTJuZlo1cGRsU1F5Zi1Ya3dRQW1wVEZBX2FEOE1ycVZRLWp1amVJXy1uTGM5X0hFa1JfSS1iTnU1bHpjclpXVHRfdnhiUnhxNXRJaG1KRGhBd0hsRk05YUZTRldOa2RRMW9MSTA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Founder of South Korea's Kakao arrested for suspected stock manipulation
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipgFBVV95cUxOcWhMcjAtYzFDX21oR1FuVHlzQ0dPTXkzYjM3U3NJeWR4NW9QSHpGOVlKal9nRnR3QkFfSFc0RVFjczFNY3F2Ti16Rko0WU85cEwyTHRxNWd6ajVEWTdmRFdVT0hmRzFoYmVUMVd2OUVZcjlpSXJBSk5rNlZZUDdKSjhVTVJhalJ0V1RtYk9MQ0E4S09SN1BNejQ1ZmJ1UGd5OTZjLVp3?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMD Stock’s AI Stumble: Is Lisa Su’s Vision Running Out of Steam?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMinAFBVV95cUxOUGkwSXRnUnJtMkJXT2NhWXlIMk1UZ2x4QlJhaDY3NTJFeXRFZ0ExajhPeTBVajlXd1p2M29YcFRXRWx4SThZWEFJQTNWLVhZMHBhb2psLXN5T29UNnhucUR6Q29wZTdnRE5nWG81VUFjbS0wUFJ6RUxkNzJUa3BILTVPS0tkVmU3RTBKUUlrNnJTMWFWQnZMWl9rM0M?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Forget Suncor: This Growth Stock is Poised for a Potential Bull Run
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiogFBVV95cUxOUlVWMmliZ2VLOVBpaVdQR3R5eXJiSk5MSmhMc2VKcEtWMV83ZnJyQTFrQlFXSmU2WWdxZDNSVy1MemoyRXFhYjlCc3BNZU9RT2VseVFYN3I1Vm45Qjg3VDN0LWRrMFRZdFFZcGpqaHZ1UlNMczZIbU9UVC1COEVSSHp6VTMwU1pUSW1iZzlPLU9SSXpEeGFOTlV3ckl4Smt6MXc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Analysts reboot AMD stock price targets on AI market outlook
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipgFBVV95cUxNY0VLNW1yNUZpT3pzaHc5S2ktQ1VDMlJNTjFUTEVFWEdTZzFsVUNjaHk3TFd4YUhPQU1lbm9IeTJzUEtBX2tKcXF0NmdDZzB0b2VWMTRtOUg0M29NX1NHQmVUaDd1VnN0VXZFVGlxM2ZWYkFldnJlT2R5WmJmVWhrTkIzU2pkN3R2OXZ2czNaTkhWSUFBZmdCa3hWb2ZDWFJLSmRKXzd3?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao founder Kim Beom-su appears in court for SM Entertainment stock scandal
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi6wFBVV95cUxOZWNoWlN6TUxpV3ZfTEZZMXRfVE5EbDlxcl9mYlp2MWZ2MG1ScWtTOGVPTVZIWDVHdkZfTl8xM0piNFl0VnFFaVQyTzMwV1l3QVR1NmhGY2FoU1FBSEQ5SW1MVFFzS2hTYm9qX0paT3hZaWhoYUNhU0RJLW5yQXRvYWNJbUVnTnZZTUlmR2NMQW1JYXU1OUs1czF5Y3V6MzVfQWhPZHVnSnBMMG1Ib253UXMzVmI0RXJZNmdXMzJKdm4zMUhZTnVoRTBzdGtDODN2M05yMk9xLXpqUm1wRk03Rjl3eVlMcWV1bmow?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Elliott Notches Win With Suncor as Shares Rise to 16-Year High
https://news.google.com/read/CBMitwFBVV95cUxQdmZBRGNGa3JtazhlSXFIMG1wWkZtOUFMTklfajNzQVUydU1WWi1zX01WUGNheFpzWThZS195LUlmTFg1N1h0NXRXeUNmWUhKb0liS0RVNjNhYXpSRnVLWm01al8zSGNIa1duQjB0NzRhN01zbllmWWs4Y0YwLUFCc2o2SnZ6dmpDY1FHaTZuRjNIN3lRMVdtYmE1MU52ZzlQV1JhbzJ5ZDQ4MmpYdlBjRi11SWtxNVU?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Better Energy Stock: SU or CNQ?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOOFJEOWNuanUwQWw4dG5qeDBlVUFpMmIwUDdCUWhrUlVHQlhqWkJLeXZsdUN5aGFKdGRTb0NBcnlqTmJrTERvUm5HdjNDdjctSTBfcEZTdkUtLVZsWHc5Q2FQWUVHNTZsS1JieXltX3pRU0loZlpNckVfZTdqS2dHcA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao’s Kim Beom-su faces arrest warrant over alleged SM Entertainment stock manipulation
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi-gFBVV95cUxNVEFTMDF3QlIzMWhtRm91Y3EyMG84aVNyUmc2c0d6SThpRC1tbnZWODMyTnZNa0VYOU10Y0Zzdm9QMzlLcGZRM19pd01XS244c1BQRnlTMG9oQTdMUnp4QzZfb2toRm5PVDZZNzF4Vzg1ajE4YjFaNi01WEhQeTBDQUh0VmVVWnpqeDkzX0hSTTdXMWtTY0VQQThZT3k4cXdGbmg5OTc2WU9ya1VjODhKRkp1QklaR0ZqM0pKdUVqUnJwUy1YOUVJVVZoV25WMWIxMkJBMTNjQlVOc3lJZWNfb0U5cmduaEJ1dTk2QnpPdVB6cmFiMF8tWXRB?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

SU, CNQ: 2 Energy Stocks to Play the Trans Mountain Pipeline Expansion
https://news.google.com/read/CBMid0FVX3lxTFBsbTVXUGVIaWVzeFlFYldRc1FuR000Nmc3S1B4MEthdDdhTVMxb2p3M1RsMU5SQ19rbjktekdQTFZpbHRvaWRtRjUxMTBLaVVjZ2Flek80WG9LZ1A3R2phbjMyU002NnZ2a3BIWExfajNlZERmSUU0?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMD CEO Lisa Su reportedly hits $1 billion net worth on back of AI boom
https://news.google.com/read/CBMizwFBVV95cUxPZE1XRjdNV0pnSzRBSFhiQm91ZkFmV1RvWVhQZG5QVGhhMmNPY0pGaUV3eW9qajQ4Z0FidS1HR1Y1d091YkhjWVpuU1g1NXB5dkFIM3lMM1BkVXFiQU5QMmM1Z3A3aDJNOHg2ZHE3R3FDeDZvRHdGT0YwcHpxYnc3TTBTWGR4RnVpT3JDR0lKVTN4ZFcyTEp6REtqdkpOV1JKOG5RclNuWWYwQnFlR0RVc3dBZ0lNVEh1RlNCc2s3T0Zqd2l5N3p2T2tMZ0lNUTg?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Investors Buy Large Volume of Suncor Energy Call Options (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxOclJyTGc4c3FYXzJ6NW43MFRiODdzSWZlNW9ual8wdDlZNlpQV0duX0N1ekJwbUhmTG5TR0dMcnhHaFh5RkZudmJEWXlqRnYwMVJvc0hoRFM4NS1SN1g1V1VoOElqOUpnSEl2a1M2cHhNUmVkOFFxT21BLVBDeFBubkMxdUo3Z0Z2?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy Inc. (TSE:SU) Stock Has Shown Weakness Lately But Financials Look Strong: Should Prospective Shareholders Make The Leap?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiekFVX3lxTE9kdlV2NmJ1eFdmTGdueUFwcjRRU05nOWRkM3VLMXpGUXpRQkxfVjhjcnBkMk5SWjFXTGdMNWhScTRseHdkUWJBVTZvdzUzbUlsd1hRY1VkRmZYOXhkMW94SEhjUmlKbFJBSk5NT2tVbWJ6b0FIRlFxWG93?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMD CEO Lisa Su sells shares worth over $23 million
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxOMEFjcEdDei1qNmhTVEJlN282OXZlYTh1bW1sR1MzYml5VTZmandBWGVDT1F4SDBVMVRma01ZVGFCY2lLcS1tMlJfNFgxMmFVRS1VZ19WWDdQb2JUbkt5NGVLYm9oWVRUM3ZiNGd1eWlkeU5WNjZrUmJmRUljU2FhSjVVNDJ3MVJOZnA3aTRMYXhJeldGWE96RGtJMS1LUVJyQllRTURlNmlYc3M?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

'Big time beat': Suncor stock jumps as analysts praise Q2 performance
https://news.google.com/read/CBMitgFBVV95cUxPYVpsVDdRVEdCWHAzZF9xOWVvdUMyUjZMekdmVTRCTVlJdTA1LUZuY3NKZ3cxNUVQQk0wQkdQUUQ0MTdaTHRHVVNkYXoxUmZGbjNwM29CNm9uVnYyVmQ1T3dOQk1CcjJ0bHJxX2kzX0Eyb1J3Sk9oQzB6QVAwcDRaaFdLc0JyNFljNG1ta1BPTWxwZ2NEbV85bEszbU44M21kdFB3SjJ0Wm5yb1FoVm5pTlQ4eDhkQQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy Inc. (TSE:SU) is favoured by institutional owners who hold 66% of the company
https://news.google.com/read/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPM0RpX3lCOEJBSThWZ21sVGJkVjVIVDAxbTUtal9tdmFGOHlVWGhRVDltdDgycGFZV1hxUFFWbV9NZmVqMDQwQ3lObmcxLUo3UERNWmdScnpCUE9wc2pQYTFwejRxV2ZENmtQbEZRaFRfZFdJa0RNZ0llN0VwMmtOZTNWSUtjcExGb0VRODNtVVFJb0p6TmJRR0hYck5mVTRJSHhfYW5Ca3JFU2U1emI3d3JmZHdybUpnWVNuQzZJeDB3bTZ3S2g1YTF6OUFMd9IB0wFBVV95cUxQNjl1eHdjYkkwLU51V2hZcElDcmJmMXBuWnE4bkZwQ2dubXJXTmN2d1NybzRud3czNmo1Q2xEWGM0UEd0bm52N3VtdW4wdjBfTDdyM0dCQW9ZQmdQUGVlRTF1TU1tZHV3Qm13TVIwM09yRkJ6WEpwNWxZdjdVbW5JQW8tbGZpTnJMYi1aTkIzbF81MDdnaHVNR1BQd0I0UHh5ejdFZm9pblRuODZkZDUyNWhGdFd3ZW51RnFnVGtkN2stVV9nYXBPSTgwaHBjMHJ6TGMw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Is Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) the Best Among Elliott Management’s Top Stock Picks?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiekFVX3lxTFBNeVpIdjlMQlBZcmZhb2FiZUhOa2dMNGVNdlVKZF95RFdxaE9lRGl1d3Nib1Q3b0phMU9udDgtc1hNQi1DX1BHWk0wT1RLRFBtc0NmUWU0ZllHVTlveEQ3TVBTMmxWSWlrc0pwbHlYeUFMdzBWT2p6ZjVB?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

SUGP Stock Price and Chart — NASDAQ:SUGP
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiXEFVX3lxTE9VOW9heWxKTUd4OWFacWtJb3NWRGZ6eFBvZDZHRW8yRkNCdEg2OWhRYTNBMzk5dmx0cENGQTczS1hVaE1vMEpQRlJEdUJ6bWZuNXUxd2xad0hna2ky?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

(SU) Long Term Investment Analysis
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPUzRLTWlUdHlWcVQyVDR3ZklzR0J1RXBtUUNrVFAxbUlsZUNDWnV4TF9LeDdEZlg2VFhfOFgtVHFodWVnR2Y0QW4zbWc5WDd4OUV2X3JYQmMweGtzTmRMWmJXRTB2RFNZR0VlVVpqMEdaaTRzSVpFM2s4NFplYmlRaUFyaDlZWVJqakRXZHdlN05FTVVoMGo5NlFLOGRpb1pRTUxLdi1qa19LQ2s?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao founder Kim Beom-su arrested for alleged stock manipulation
https://news.google.com/read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxPREl6dWxjT3JjbUpVLWIzcVp2WU5hSmJXVDZLZFJyM2VQYldlak5MbkFFdl9WNV9CTENqQnluYjhHa09TQk5vNnBtamo3LWJpQ2x2NFptNk9Pbk9OYkwtSEdMaWdEdXdzenV6NFVqeVl1Vk5qTGQ0c1p6cXA4Q21RNGp2OUcweTE3allpaFhWU0JLZ1B5bWI5UUM3WG1rOEJyS1hpLWtOU1FwOWxYLVE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy Stock: Integrated Model Makes Shares Attractive (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikgFBVV95cUxOODlnMlJGeFYxYmtZX2V5UjNmbDlFQWxqNmpDVnBLellPQVA4QTM4ZHlreENJZHB1cHRnWlozN1lPQ0hLLVVtYzR3SXhsamZvdlpLaXJwYXVnbmxnRFdtem5SM000MXlTTk9LbU5KQ2tFQUZPb2FDMVZaYVVKMkMxOUh1aVFNUkh3a0k2LWZXTzBjQQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy Shows Market Leadership With Jump To 84 RS Rating
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPdVR2X1p5SzFmcVJoY2U3bnN5STd0WVNqSEttaG9mQkxfRVFsVUJjVmZoTnp4YzE2VXE3dWY5RUwtVXRRZGExcmd2d3JCeHltRi1FTURlSW1wSjdEazNnTzhxTWtqYnlBb1NKRXRJcHhWV2YxLXFaeXh4Zl9KUjhkSzZUUVpoeDRaV3QxTVYyQWlKa0Z0Zm1XU0pKT1l3U3AzWGxrUTNLTndFbjQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Stock: A Millionaire Maker?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMihgFBVV95cUxNbm1ET2FfYlY2R1RUVmR0c0ZjSWF6eF9tMVZFVVZGTzA3MnRrUDlDS2R3VXVrWm05cGN1dHU0Y1R4U3Uwb2F5cFdRaUFUVXlydk9BdDk2Uk14a2JUQjNtN3BxbG1pUFJEd25STmdwZWtwVFRtUzh6Z0gwRUxDVWxHeEVEbXNZUQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMD CEO Lisa Su sells over $12 million in company stock
https://news.google.com/read/CBMisAFBVV95cUxONjd1SElza0lyN0luYWtEOWlxMG9MNHR0QzVFQnVxR1EyU1JnZ2ZJT0RJa014dURuS3p6SGcyUkZRUjhZbFhMaUt1d0pJdmlrR3pBWFVtTXVEU1g4RHdJb1JURk4xVUg3UFAtMFBhalF1OXhaNnE2bDFnOS1BT19PQkM3eUpfM0w2dHZiZW5lakxCWVk1VjhwbHc0ZXJyMGp1TlNLcXNuZk44SllpRWdOdw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AustralianSuper Pty Ltd Sells 128,248 Shares of Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMifEFVX3lxTE83UjJZYzRfMDFBRWIxazEyU3NrT3ltTm9rTGxZN3JCRmdmVV9yXzRCaDF0S2IzS01EQUxuNTBSOVNkVzNnWDBURW52SUt3d0Zub0M2bThjdmtXOElwbHZQc1RJM1hmVDJ1UU40VkU0NmZfeW9MQnJWX19hX2M?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

NIPPON STL & SU/S (OTCMKTS:NSSMY) Stock Price Passes Below 200 Day Moving Average of $7.54
https://news.google.com/read/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQamN0S3N5RVJCME04VzlpQ0tTcVU2em5SOENjNXRfdDFhSGUxY2Y0WUJ5aEh5OGhsb3RQQmlRTmE5eFN6bW9yc1hoUU5IS3lXeUlfUVAtN2dfOURNSVVBVHdwUVk1YXF4NDBDS3AzMEtWdGR4Tnl5R25oYkpKNmtldW5ZWVhWUTZYVTZXcWVOc0QxalFNc1JTNXJUZzZfY2VzMnV6YQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Ekin-Su shares regret over controversial stint on Celebrity Big Brother
https://news.google.com/read/CBMikAFBVV95cUxPWW1YWTdDek5MMTNkaTVmUS1uSjNlam15ZUxLT0cwaVljRF9NVmV2bWZCQjZUeGdQNmNvQUphcXhtb1Vaa0tjb1ZoSk54NUVzQ3hFc1ZEclRRQTZTbm40Wm1CalhYaDVldy1nT0ZvbVozSFowQUM3VmszeGFtZ2xSdjBtbk8wMDg2S2ZXckxSeFHSAZYBQVVfeXFMTTRnaGZZcldsNmlXMUFqT2ZrZENxcUlXMURnSkZYZnRpZ2lTcDRZMG13X2VoMWZRZy1uWUlIc0NJbzF2ZURfbXNJeUVrdWpmR0NNeFl1a19JdGQ1YmNYQk1CaklDLUxXNldHWXIzbG1yRDlveWhQcmJBYVd6VF8xSXkyTDQwNWdsNGsyZWNKcU1RdHJydkRR?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

SU Group Holdings Limited Rings the Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell
https://news.google.com/read/CBMimgFBVV95cUxORlJibk5nTndGQ3JsaFVOR0dMUzBMMDZkYTFiUkhUREV0SWsySGdaTWY3ZUl2bmJ2eFpVcDVfSzJBWjBZamF5TXp3WHVQOVB5NUpGOTh3ZFJZZThYb2FfWThfSndTVUtCN3ZPWjBCRHRtaDE2REFiVHVuaXlIYU1hX0ItSEM1WVFWY2VkNFhDVVV4dDg5OVRZYnlR?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

HAL shares in focus as govt signs Rs 26,000 crore Su-30MKI fighter engine contract
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxPVHVSMlNYMkNvTUVpS3ZWY1BTRENfWGxLTTBoUk9qbW5aU2pNXy01UTZreVIwc193VWtzN2R1OHR6b2xYSWpkbHFRZWxjMDRQcFBzaWpMX2JTRHJhMF9PcmtYajB3c08wV3BUUHQyUW5LRUE4Z0JBSGFCUXBGZTFvdm1KY1NYMktDaGw3Tjh2bVNUOVFQclpmUzlzb19EOXBwM0JERzRpNExic25vLXdqc0FXYmZJMm5BZWJ0ODBZQmNlUDFrT1dIMDRZSGFwUDE5QnlSUHBvVmdzOWF4X1B4QzlOUQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Is Suncor Energy Stock a Buy in 2024?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMid0FVX3lxTFAtMUVFTkRYUUhCRFlOZHVQRWJScG9CdHU0NVE2c1NtRmtKallPc3V4bmFLdE9Lazc1MF8wNmdtNjZoY01LNi1hNUhuNVVUOElCYVoxSnZEUDctTEZwUC1XNXZkX01saWlRbGJ0MmZkdzQwUXo3b1pF?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao founder Kim Beom-su arrested for SM Entertainment stock manipulation
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxOaWNJdkxITDBObHc2eHg5S2Z4TkpIUU43YTNNbm9hNUsxcjdnX1d6MG8zOFlrUERyNUpqSjAzWmhETXl0QlBPcEJCRTVwZzFZc0JIbGVXRHJwUEx1Y2RsanNzWmZERFoxYTZZNGNxX0pBOW1JYjdrRW9FN19jZ3pKb09QakJrMVlpQWFOaTA2M2s5VnFLVWFvaHNXY2RZb2dUSzdnM3BxZG8yM18tSktUZkhvTFVwV3otalA1X2RLNUs0OWZRZF9Da25xbVhoMVpSRTJmbGM3OWQzZ0VWZEltc2NNXzhRNlE?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy: Turnaround Story Not Reflected In The Share Price (NYSE:SU)
https://news.google.com/read/CBMingFBVV95cUxPMlQzVkh0M1l6Y2drTWNnRFg2bHduYzRUSEkxYWVVSllRTXVsY09peGcwM0tKZlVvZU81ZVBKMlM1bTR1WThfZWlGNWlvSU1XMmRLY25YYXZxeXhlMVBoeFhCTlZrRkpDcHB5OVRVQnl2ZEp5NkxzUnRRXzhySFFubXhCM2xzQWN2YmhyR0JNWkc2WDBMT0JvdmFkcTlaZw?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Returns Are Gaining Momentum At Schneider Electric (EPA:SU)
https://news.google.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?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

At €221, Is It Time To Put Schneider Electric S.E. (EPA:SU) On Your Watch List?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi3AFBVV95cUxPdTJiOU8xYmplMGh4eWNxZlVoamQ0LTM3ZHN4NFcxT3hrZVN2aWFKLWpVOXpDSnhrWTFwRzFmYkt0ckJzYWJQSEN3YjFBNTl4S091d1BsYkpOeEVUMlNMem5TS2ctUVBGRUw5aFJGM3IzZ19Uc1g1S0NqdnQwNk1mb21XNWUzVU1pOWpqRmdZOFctcndJWkxHRXNQRVNKWWNvX3hpZm11dmRTelJreWhnc0RIeUdSekNFSEhMT3FwdWtOLVJrdEF0VFF1NS1JMk9icmpGT3dsVUF4cHBU0gHiAUFVX3lxTE9vMTFrWExqQUlvSFVBcFU2Y0RndDRzek81Qm5NZUlTXzV1ZGExcTJJS2tEY2pwYnpnNmhRZDJDUTBVTTdqSGJsT2VQdnp0UURidUIxNHRsUUtRclk3LWhKdHcydXJIdWpIRzFDdXctNk4tY2V6SWxTTjA1S0FPaWRQdXcxTzBhRDNxR3JwTERESnRnakRfWkp6c3c0VFk5Ny1IbkZJRXBnRDhaMzN5TmI4N0ljd2ZVWTF1bmNPLUNkYUtiazdHNGNtSlFfdFhOVVdKWFdiNmNQSW5rWUl4S0h5Umc?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Kakao’s Billionaire Founder Kim Beom-Su Arrested For Alleged Stock Rigging In K-Pop Deal
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxQZVJSbjN4eDJqaDNka0VkbkdaeWZUUWNIbnh6TFpkdXVvTkF5cEMwTFU2UUNVVmdXemtEQ0s2WS1kQTJFTVpJVUZGRlYyeGwwempEekI2WWwyNndIbDJDTVNDeGJ4WVQ3czNucWY2UUk0M2I4NzRJU2xCOUF0UlVnZEMyeU9QV3JSUEFRV0pYX25uMEgyeEJoUkEwMlBXZHhaRW1YTVMxN2ZkR2Y3YUx0VDdiRkRoNjFIbXZIeXJjS3J0blV5R3VtTl9IZ1l2ZmtJSFFqTQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights Stocks recently featured in the blog include: Suncor Energy, Pembina Pipeline and Canadian Natural Resources
https://news.google.com/read/CBMiigFBVV95cUxOZVhzaFNLY3VIVnczcjMyUUJvdGdNUWxON3lXRzBwYnBHc3hOemxnQjBuWGhIdDNub25ab2plWjZqVDR3U0pxeDA0bVpxUlNHUnk0ZlB2ZFhYUTYzOS1pWmQ4V3MtWGFuMGQycjhxQ1pLbmtDa0ZnZ3U3RVF3RW5DbGkzWnN6T1g5Ync?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Are Strong Financial Prospects The Force That Is Driving The Momentum In Schneider Electric S.E.'s EPA:SU) Stock?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxQcXdXR2ZrTkV3azlVNlpvYW5EVE16Zkx4SUJyZ2dDR0dyZ3BkOEZ5OHA0M3YzRnVCWjVoRGN1clZ3TjVhamNMdDNKNzU0SUpnNGxYXzhJU1RWWGhxOVFRUmFnb2VPdDVNTHhpQzhhbHJXcUNZYm1ia0hyRExUdklJUzhTN3QzbGFaUzRrR3dvUlo4YzAtR2RWNy1yR2NweGZZa3BRTUc1ekJjVGw1V18wSjdWRV8xeGktWS05ZzdXY2JxU0dYUm9neUJtQVZnQ2NlZW9GdUxrekFqeEZQRXM4ajkyc9IB6AFBVV95cUxPYWw3eE5aa3U2dWZsUnJQWWhmZThrdzFEZl9tSTQxWDdRcFVUdnRPLUlTaHNTWkJ2QVBlV2phS1g4XzlJZ3RiYWw4TzhUekhkdXotSExLYXhFcHZMLVBQSEJlT3lTQXFOT1ZCU2FuUVNTZlJEVWtaLUhaaW5taFZuQzNFVjg3UWttaERWRzNLQlZzcWYybktlV0pVWkRLNkZqNy1MRi1vUjlfS1ZMT3JZbF9xelpPZGZfYXAyVWV2ZGFTWkNPeWNDSVZGY280SzdaSnFsLU5UTjBtLUhkMXM4eUZhLWZsbUZI?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

'AMD's Results Proved Our Plan To Reinvest In The Stock Was Right,' Says Jim Cramer Who Credits Lisa Su As Key Factor In Chip Makers Success
https://news.google.com/read/CBMi6AFBVV95cUxOZWEtaHdvUEtTenRfM3VOSTNfTkJNbVRTd1pIcllVbFByV0VnaFlvd3dFaHdmYzVONkV2UDF1a3REX2dVY3ZLQXhjamV0SWdUeEJVbDZJTTI4V3U4ZDd1ZWxBMlFxd3NKdXV2UU9PUlZ5ODVCMEJNZHZxVkV0cXdaMG9EOUk2cDNzdEE0bmhxajRNSkFBc0otTGt1WmFxN01TcTVQZXJmemViZF9pUUVNOHF4ZGc5U1AyQ2RTMF8zcFpuRzRLbXViZ2l5REl1NFJhbUJRMVVzZ1M2MHFHMVZkc3ZQRnJ1T3Ux?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMD CEO Lisa Su sells over $24 million in company stock
https://news.google.com/read/CBMitwFBVV95cUxNLWVTb1dKM1NCWG5uQjJMU3I2b0dGTjIwOWZxeXM2RExOa3VMMHgyNUNWOUgybURvY2NUdUNfbnF0TnBzWVJ0OWktOGhvNllQTWtQTTNZRDl6b2ZHNHp3UFY2RkR3UjJHMWRSV2hPYTRZWHBoTXhiVzZ2VXk3bEFkbG9SbTlxR2lhVGFsRXZQN2UyNkJQQjJFaEVwY2xLek1naGk1VThtdFhrU1VaeGI3dktEazZnWjA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Suncor Energy (TSE:SU) Stock Passes Above 200 Day Moving Average of $51.75
https://news.google.com/read/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPVHlrc0JEREZrWFB2SVhvSWFhb2VROWVjekZkOW5LZXdvVnIzMWpnVHNhOW9YNk1qUFFSWVNweGxsYzVKWE9YYTdvZ1pYM3ZoNmxhYUFnaVp5TmhPT2FuVHh5cHBzVTE0aGI1OGluNEUzLTFFS3NqTjZteVNYOXBKR2xFTmFWWmx4RzdwZFZQTjV3WEt4cmNvVkE3QQ?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

Why Is Suncor Energy (SU) Down 3.3% Since Last Earnings Report?
https://news.google.com/read/CBMie0FVX3lxTE1MWWlvcnFJS0pfdGtPQzdxOVhjc3N4TU1DcWtPVjdBb3lLNFphbTJiY0RaT3Jyb2tjTWpkelpKMXVDZVBFcW85Ym9Oak10U1ZVV3NXWHhDZnpEbW15SUJ3SGJsSWM0bFBmWUl5czZjNHQyeUdCZEhzZlVEOA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

AMD CEO Lisa Su sells over $19 million in company stock
https://news.google.com/read/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQZlJ6cVpYRkpSS0QzeUZ2NkI3eVRUU1llcDY4SzB0ZGYzM0FlWmFqZ1o0UnV4ZlBKQ01NR3F5RE5mbVBHc1R1b1JVVTFDSmlsa3Nxc2xybUpaajFsTkdEcG51Y3VYcXFrR05DWndOVDhQZDhEUFVKd3dhb0M4ZEtjRjBOX1B2NUZXN09RNnpsZkRuTzhROU1WU2lJRnB5MS1LUkpPaENXbzQ4cl9iWlJxbA?hl=en-IL&gl=IL&ceid=IL%3Aen

